Alex Jones  00:00
Andy in Kansas, you're on the air. Thanks for holding. Oh, Alex, I'm a first time caller. I'm a huge fan. I love your work.

Dan  00:07
Hey everybody, welcome back to knowledge fight. I'm Dan. I'm Jordan. Today we are here to do another episode of This Year podcast about the life and times of Alex Jones. And then for wars and what have you.

Jordan  00:20
That sounds like the worst Dickens novel The Life and Times of Alex Jones.

Dan  00:25
What it really is is a folk history about our modern times. The twist

Jordan  00:32
that he did, he walked around all of Texas spreading and growing bigotry everywhere. Yeah,

Dan  00:37
bullshit. You just spread bullshit like some sort of liar or Johnny Appleseed. You bet Johnny liar seed. Alex Jones, the twist of the show here.

Roger Stone  00:49
What's the twist?

Dan  00:49
It's like a chocolate and vanilla swirled ice cream cone. That's twist. All right. It was like Tony Hawk's finishing move. finishing move.

Jordan  00:59
I have no idea what is happening right now.

Dan  01:01
You had a kickflip McTwist? Did you was the his initial move and Tony Hawk to okay, I don't know. All right, anywhere off track. I know a lot about Infowars and Alex Jones in particular,

Jordan  01:12
I do not know anything about Alex Jones and Infowars at all. And therein

Dan  01:15
lies the fun. Guys Today what we're going to be doing generally what we do is we have a day in the life of Alex Jones. We take one day of the Alex Jones Show and I find clips to bring to you Jordan and to you our audience, and we get to enjoy them all together. Today is a little different. Okay. Today, we're going to be discussing a special report. Oh, shed Alex put out a two hour long special report last Thursday on March 30. You can find it up on YouTube. Okay. And I want to say this. All right. It is a coincidence that I watched this.

Jordan  01:49
That is not what I it's not a thing. I usually

Dan  01:53
don't watch the special reports. This is a coincidence. I usually only watch the Alex Jones Show. This is a meet

Jordan  02:01
cute like you accidentally bumped into it at the grocery store and you're like, Oh, hey, what's your name?

Dan  02:06
I could have easily missed this. And thank God I didn't okay, because it's some of the most crazy shit I've ever heard in my life. It's astounding. Okay. It's ostensibly called a special report with Alex Jones, democratic plan battle plan to remove Donald Trump from office. All right. So basically, he set out to talk about CO G the continuity of government state.

Jordan  02:30
I'm already a big fan of you saying he set out to do this, which implies that we're not getting anywhere near that. Nope. Okay.

Dan  02:39
It is mentioned once or twice,

Jordan  02:44
like like the y2k episode, he's like, Hey, y2k. Anyways, we're all gonna die.

Dan  02:50
I want to get to the episode and our breakdown, but I forgot we gotta get to our out of context drop.

Alex Jones  02:56
And I'm like, I didn't directives baby from George frickin Washington.

Dan  03:01
Oh, yeah. He was explaining how Putin doesn't tell him what to do. He gets directives baby

Unknown Speaker  03:10
directives, baby. That should give you some sense

Dan  03:13
that what's going on here?

Jordan  03:15
That is exactly what I say before I go down on a woman is exactly what I say.

Dan  03:20
I tweeted about this, so I might as well let the cat out of the bag. Alex is drunk for two hours. He is fucking shithouse wasted. All right, excellent. There is no doubt about it. He recorded this in the evening. It like nine o'clock at night. So I'll give you the broad strokes.

Jordan  03:38
I've been drinking all day.

Dan  03:39
He's fucked up. Okay, he wants to talk about how the government is going to usurp Trump, but he can't stay on mission. Can't stay on target. The first 15 minutes are boring as shit. Of course, he gets Roger Stone in and they have an interview. That's bad. Roger Stone leaves it about 50 minutes in and Alex loses his shit. So we're not gonna talk much about the Roger Stone portion of the show. Because quite honestly, it's just the two of them doing like a wrestling shoot promo about like, come at me bitch. Right, right. Like Roger Stone is trying to flex on the House Intelligence Committee real hard. He calls them pussies, stuff like that. Which leads us to right around the 17 minute mark. Alex Jones says this is probably my favorite clip we've ever played on this show. I don't know how anything is gonna top it. I've listened to this conservative estimate 40 times.

Unknown Speaker  04:36
Because it is amazing. All right. All right, here we go.

Dan  04:39
Here we go. Strap it in.

Roger Stone  04:42
I am ready. I am more than ready.

Alex Jones  04:45
Let me share this right now. Let me tell I'm not against gay people. Okay, I love them. They're great folks. But Schiff looks like the art type, archetypal cocksucker with those little deer in the headlight eyes and all his stuff, and there's something about This fairy hopping around bossing everybody around trying to intimidate people like me and you. I want to tell Congressman Schiff and all the rest of them. Hey, listen, asshole quit saying Roger and I and I never used cussing in 20 years but the gloves are off. Listen, you son of a bitch. What the fuck is your problem? You want to sit here and say that I'm a goddamn fucking Russian? You get my face with that I'll beat your goddamn as your son of a bitch. You piece of shit. Fucking goddamn fucker. Fuckin you fucking crossed the line. Get that through your goddamn fucking head stop pushing your shit you're the people that have fucked this country over and gang rape the shit out of it loss and election stop shooting your mouth off claiming on the enemy you got that you got damn son of a bitch fill your hand I'm sorry but I'm done. You start calling me a foreign agent those are fucking fight words. Excuse me.

Jordan  05:53
That's our oh god

Dan  05:55
he cusses like

Jordan  05:58
you just discover the how the word fuck work listen

Dan  06:01
up you fucky fucky

Jordan  06:04
fuck motherfucker. Fuck the fact that he one can't pronounce archetypal, archetypal. And two. He goes straight to cocksucker I have nothing against gay people. They're great people. Everybody's a cocksucker of soccer fuck puck Puck this

Dan  06:20
this ferry thinks

Jordan  06:22
us does he not understand words?

Dan  06:25
I think he doesn't understand how hateful words are. Especially his word.

Jordan  06:29
Yeah, yeah.

Dan  06:30
fuck do I love that though? I almost want to play it again. So guys, just rewind the podcast was good. Oh, good. I'm gonna get that tattooed on my arm.

Jordan  06:40
That whole thing? Boy, you're gonna need some detailed work on that. Or I'm

Dan  06:44
going to memorize it and try and enter a speech to

Jordan  06:49
pretend you're in high school all over again and just walk

Dan  06:51
in there. Yeah, so that sounds too good. That clip should be an indication of where we're starting.

Jordan  06:57
I I haven't cussed for 20 years. And then just a non stop non stop stream of invective thrown around like an idiot.

Dan  07:08
Listen up. You got damn cocksucker motherfuckers but ship god

Unknown Speaker  07:12
you're the ones who fuck this country

Jordan  07:13
up. I don't need that bullshit. Don't call me a Russian fucking agent. Fuck you. Fuck Fuck.

Dan  07:18
I don't know. I don't know if I have the clip of him saying this because I think it was surrounded by nothing. But he's like, I'm sorry if kids were listening. What a dick. So he's drunk. Yeah, he's

Jordan  07:35
definitely drunk. That's not coming from that's coming from a place of mental sobriety right there. Absolutely

Dan  07:41
not after this. Like Roger Stone is sitting there while he's he's on this. This

Jordan  07:48
is this is while Roger Stone is there? Yeah.

Dan  07:51
Because Roger Stone started I cut up the beginning part where he's like, Adam Schiff is a pussy. Ah, yeah. And that's sort of what led Alex down the road, right? Oh, this fucking threatening talk. Right. But Roger stones response is just, I don't think I've ever been involved in a campaign where we've questioned someone's patriotism. Like, bro. Yeah. Fuck off it. Yeah, you're calling Hillary Clinton a Chinese agent every time you're on the fucking show. He's questioned Barack Obama's legitimacy. But

Jordan  08:25
she's not a patriotic Chinese agent. Nobody's questioned how patriotic she is. It's just that she's patriotic for China. Isn't that crazy? Yeah, it's

Dan  08:34
pretty crazy.

Jordan  08:35
I love these guys. They are so stupid. So great, so bad. And it's all of them like every time somebody finally like receives what it is that they are doing, they just lose their shit. And they can't make that small connection from like, Oh, I feel this way when somebody says this Yep. I wonder if other people feel this way when I say this they just can't do it. No, there's just that tiny little jump all you have to do is stop for one second and then be like oh, I've learned empathy Yeah, like it's insane.

Dan  09:09
Meanwhile later on we're gonna get into Alex really go and hard about how everyone hates him because he loves everyone so boy so keep that argument in mind for later so good we just listened to a minute and plus of Alex swearing and running his mouth which is followed up by this

Alex Jones  09:30
not I'm not I'm not a guy that shoots his mouth up but man yet asshole sit there call me Russian agent I'm Rand Paul had a lot of guts to just walk out of there. I mean, it's just it's an American it is so insulting to your I'm an agent of a foreign power when all I do is defend this country against globalist and we've been sold out. It pisses me off, man. And I used to tell you settle down, settle down for months bitching. And now I get it. It's like something fundamental.

Roger Stone  09:56
Well, and where's Mitch McConnell because disparage During the characters,

Alex Jones  10:00
a violation of Senate rules

Roger Stone  10:03
of a senator is a violation of the rules, I guess,

Dan  10:07
again, this is in reference to John McCain talking about rampage

Jordan  10:10
rules violate rules, we would never insist that Russians infiltrate our government in order to get the bad guys out. That's that's definitely not violating rules. I would hate it if we violated rules. Everybody needs to go one by one down that little, you know,

Dan  10:30
it's not like we have on air repeatedly said that we're part of and support a soft coup against. So

Jordan  10:38
it's not like we don't support the most corrupt administration in the history of the United States.

Dan  10:45
So to the hold on that was I just needed to give the context of this is about John McCain. Yes. Saying that Rand Paul is acting in Russia's best interesting he's an agent of Russia, of course on the Senate floor, and they're like that's against the rules. And then they get to this

Roger Stone  11:00
foreign to you that if this were some conservative, the question the patriotism of some liberal, believe me the Senate would be in high demand.

Alex Jones  11:09
Pocahontas got her thing. Question.

Roger Stone  11:13
Exactly right. You should have been because she broke the rule the rules.

Dan  11:17
So important. Ah, I really hate it. I hate I hate the calling. Elizabeth Warren Pocahontas. That's

Jordan  11:26
maybe he was actually talking about Pocahontas, though. That's entirely possible. Was

Dan  11:30
she ever centered on the Senate floor? And I haven't read that. But who knows? That was in the sequel that no one watched that was in Pocahontas too. Okay, that makes sense. So this next clip, gives us a little bit of insight into why Alex might be this drunk. Okay, because we've watched his life fall apart. Yeah, over the past couple of years has been

Jordan  11:51
a strange thing. When we first started doing this, we were like, Ah, this is just gonna go on the same way. It has been 20 years. And this has just been a documentation of a man falling into pure and abject misery.

Dan  12:03
He's hitting more sort of roadblocks and hazards than Mr. Magoo. Like he's just he's blindly stumbling through like he thinks he's being strategic, but then like, Oh, nope, nope. You fucked up here. Your ads are gone now. Yes. So he got another piece of bad news. Clearly right before this, which I'm gonna theorize started his drinking binge. Okay, and I'll let him get it to it in what I'm gonna describe as one of the saddest sales pitches I've ever heard. Roger Stone is on Skype for this entire thing doesn't say anything. He's just silent in the background, like some sort of floating head. What's the what's the name of that? Like the guy who would give them missions on Power Rangers?

Jordan  12:48
Czar Don? Tam, I don't know. Not Zoltan.

Dan  12:51
Okay, yeah, that's someone else. It's

Jordan  12:53
our dogs. No, that's another one's a different one. whatever

Dan  12:55
his name is. That's what Roger Stone looks like, right? Alex Jones has given the pitch

Alex Jones  13:01
by your algorithms. This is going viral to hundreds of 1000s per channel each do millions with their blockiness go on your own Facebook page. Go on your own. Whatever. Tell folks right now tune in to Alex Jones and Roger Stone. This is the information I don't want you to have infowars.com forward slash show has our own feet of a cut the Souder block@infowars.com forward slash show, retweet and real Alex Jones, whatever, we're in a war folks, I am totally committed to this. So as Roger Stone, we're moving forward. And just understand that I'm up here at 927 I'm not benching wild horses, you know, like Rolling Stone says couldn't drag me away. But I'm so honored to be here. But just understand it's people shopping at Infowars store.com. On the amazing game changing nutraceuticals and supplements we have Mike Rogers, I'm gonna go back to you just a moment. Let me just point out folks. It was four years ago that we're putting out iodine supplements that you now see in stores everywhere. Because ionized the good halogen fluoride and bromine and bromide are the bad ones there and everything. And because we had people basically doing industrial sabotage the block is the DEA controls iodine because it can be used to make a bunch of stuff, you name it nearby, nearby sea breaking bands, which he used to make everything. The point is though it's a legal element, you can have it okay, and the way we put it in palm oil, it's not used for anything illegal, but to get the crystals from deep earth mining. That's something that only drug companies the Pentagon has also used strangely enough and nerve gas but whatever. It's really important drop of rely on I believe through concrete like alien blood and 1970s movie that's not real, but this is

Dan  14:43
at this point, this point we haven't gotten to really the bad news portion of it, ya know? You're getting the sense of like, this is a drunk rambly man. Oh, yeah, he's just going on with a guy and I as a precursor for methamphetamines, but we put it in palm oil, so it's okay, but

Jordan  14:59
it's not Dangerous I don't know why I don't know why they use it and poisons anyways one drop of this stuff will murder everybody. Aliens 19 Seven good yeah you know the DA when when does it just become

Dan  15:16
pretty soon we'll get there Okay, so the clip goes on

Alex Jones  15:21
show powerful that one it's organically through gas through Russian patent that we got that was Russia connection just like NASA's rockets go up on Russia boosters we have it we've had this for years I've had some of the biggest companies out there come and try to buy it from us and they wanted us to then be able to just put it in shampoo but don't want to put it on ourselves. I probably should have done it but the point is I didn't do it. They have now gone because they use oil drilling companies there's only two states in the US that actually have this they hit it seven to 12,000 feet natural gas is at 15,000 It's a distillate or a derivative or you know something else they hit sometimes like oils at 6000 feet they get that little sad shooting the natural gas super deep now we are on property we got 15,000 deep wells cold put us out of business we don't make much money off of whatever called for everybody some foreign companies or family gas wells

Jordan  16:20
What Is he fucking talking about? Fair

Dan  16:22
warning this sales pitch is eight minutes long. He still hasn't gotten to the bad news portion of any essence.

Jordan  16:29
And stone is just

Dan  16:33
just he's taken Darren he's taking a powder is staring into the camera into the middle distance.

Jordan  16:40
At least like walk on and off the screen from time to time you

Dan  16:43
can't tell because most of the time the cameras on Alex and he's just giving like an impassioned Now listen to me. Here's the deal. Just

Jordan  16:50
6000 feet and feet close probably running it but I love cold calls forever.

Dan  16:55
My family is natural gas wells and I still have gone or care for family makes money. Pool is for everyone. He's

Jordan  17:04
reminding me of Patton Oswald to Dr. Pepper a bit. Yeah. Where he's falling asleep and then waking up in the middle of the story.

Dan  17:12
Yep. Oh, God. And this is maybe 35 minutes into the two hours so and I have documented evidence that he was drinking throughout the two hours. Yes, you tweeted out the picture. I found a picture little and a sneaky cup Dixie cup, right, you can find that on our Twitter and I also later will be playing the the audio that made me realize that he's drinking because when Roger stones video is on, you can hear him slurp. You can hear a gulp sound effect into the mics. Now. I want to be totally clear. We're drinking champagne right now.

Jordan  17:46
And we're upfront about it. The

Dan  17:47
difference is we're honest about it. And we're not misaligning every minority group so

Jordan  17:55
we're not what one of those two things is more important than the other but we're doing both they work

Dan  18:00
together to make us in the clear for drinking on our podcast, as opposed to Alex secret drinking and trying to get everyone to be scared of

Jordan  18:09
Muslims and screaming Fuck you, you fucking cock sock and fairies. pok pok pok pok mom buy a damn fucking I don't even I have never been drunk. too drunk. Tom Waits. That's what he's doing.

Dan  18:21
I think Tom Waits would be more pleasant. Tom Waits would be way more pleasant. Alright, let's see if we can get to this bad news.

Alex Jones  18:28
Again. $100,000 My family gets like 5000 a month but Satish here's how economy works. I'm glad I want America to be back on it. Anyways, but oil and gas on a family that are petroleum geologists. And you name it like most families done that after the military kind of family business. But what I'm getting at here is after all this is Texas, is that we had the last shipment coming in that we're about to sell out. And one more shipments coming in and 20,000 bottles. Oh, normally last five, six months. And right now they found out that we're buying it all up. And it's more of the political hits man they kicked us was 3.3 million last year on Google Ads profit to then put the company to fun thanks. Oh, we had the video. We're putting them on megabytes. Roger. I will put them on megabytes Roger then and all by the senator attacking Roger. And so they tried to shut us down getting the distillate from seaweed that still da control because it's 999 it's not 999999999 Nein like this. And in chemistry you want to nein nein nein nein you know how to infinity basically, you didn't show that's almost Hey, I'm gonna give I'm gonna give Media Matters run by the globalists and sorrows the Democrats had met. They're not trying to get us banned off Google entirely. Not just general. We don't want to end but behind the scenes they've even had my people are like, look, leave it alone. We're probably gonna fix it. Don't make an issue. I'm gonna make an issue. anions and elements you got the best time the other stuffs bound is garbage. It'll hurt you. We this is incredible stuff. It's helping everybody it's helped me and I don't wanna get a whole backstory I will have I have to but this may be the last shipment we get of this for years has been a good run. Nobody else has got deeper with crystal sources don't have to plug this for to sell out. It'll just come in but I'm still 30% Off and on BioTrue selenium for the mustardseed they got it.

Dan  20:26
Yep. So

Jordan  20:28
we get that off. My people have told me Yeah, don't worry about this. We'll probably get it fixed. Yeah, nope. I'm gonna scream about it.

Dan  20:37
I don't know which side I'm going to come down on and believe. I think that there's probably just a market term slightly and that they're going to they're trying to charge him more for it. On this one well, no, that's my arms razor explanation. The the conspiracy theory is his version. Are you saying like his suppliers are being threatened and shit like that? Yeah, that's

Unknown Speaker  20:58
not true. No,

Jordan  20:58
no, definitely not.

Dan  21:00
You know what? We do have to listen to the rest of this clip. Okay, I thought that we could just cut it. We have to listen to the rest of this because that's where it gets into people being threatened.

Jordan  21:09
How do we go from iodine? Being Deep Earth Crystals that he needs? Sure. Why do we need distillate why do we need the Deep Earth Crystals? Because you answer me that bat. That's where you get

Dan  21:20
the purest iodine. Why would you be good? The good halogen?

Jordan  21:25
Why would you need the purest iodine? Do you think anybody would notice? One One? It doesn't? It doesn't do anything. It's all bullshit. It'll kill you. Yeah, it's not even it's not even regulated by the FDA. What he's selling? Why not just putting fake iodine in there?

Dan  21:40
He actually does get into that. It's because he loves everybody. Oh, that comes up towards the end of this. Oh, that makes sense, then, but look, let's just dive back into this sales pitch clip where he gets into like, it's pretty fucked up things people getting.

Jordan  21:53
It's like a homeopathic medicine where they're like, Hey, we have to get the purest of dandelion leaves. We can't get the shit you just find grown in the side and

Dan  22:01
the only place to find the deep earth. Yeah, exactly. It's way down there. You

Jordan  22:04
gotta Don't you know the good dandelions grow downwards. That's obvious. Everybody knows this. Oh, yeah, dirt.

Alex Jones  22:13
Gotta like a horse and carriage. But that funds as Roger stones book 995 Trump 2020 shirts were made like four or five bucks funner operation. I mean, I'm not complaining. I had some behind the scenes conversations with Roger in court you today. It's not just us. It's Daily Caller. It's everybody that they're coming after Trump. And I'm not bitching I wanted to fight them. I wanted to win I wanted to in just know, that's when you get Roger stones book and give it to somebody that doesn't know the truth or you get a t shirt, wear it in public or you get access to what you and your family need to begin with. You know, them online about me gets me angry. But when I've got a really good product, and it started just with the iodine, it's another big national manufacturer. That's one of the top organic brand names said, yeah, you private labeled our stuff and we appreciate you but we just got threatened. I mean, I had a top CIA guy on two weeks ago.

Dan  23:17
This is obviously Larry C. Johnson. Yeah, that was not a top CIA guy. No, he's a discredited of Uber monger race. baiter. Yep, horrible piece of shit.

Jordan  23:28
He is in an essence. And Infowars guest Yeah, that's the other way to shorten. That's the shorthand for that. Yeah.

Dan  23:35
So here's he does not, you know, call him out by name. But here's what happened with Larry C. Johnson. He's about to get kicked out by Alex. Oh, no.

Alex Jones  23:43
And he gave us his name. I talked to him today. And he said, Listen, I can't come on anymore. They're threatening my business and my family. This guy was a Section Chief. And you sit there talking to a guy that just of all the world, but they're threatening him so bad for coming on and support and drum. He's rolling over and it's like, it makes you feel really cold. It makes you feel alone. And I'm not saying he's not a man and not tough. It's just like, I'm not giving up. Neither is Roger, because but this person death is rolling over to these people. And you know, it pisses me off when they are I've got a lot of tentacles. Tentacles.

Jordan  24:32
It's like, I fuck Japanese girls. What else do you do with a lot of tentacles?

Dan  24:36
Do you see that? Where he's starting down a line of thought? Oh, God, this is the behavior of a really drunk person. Yeah,

Dan  24:44
I got this guy.

Jordan  24:46
100 times at the end of this podcast. I am this guy. I have been

Dan  24:51
this guy so many times. But I've been smart enough not to be on a race baiting, political talk show that I have started while I'm that drunk.

Jordan  25:02
I feel like that's not that's not intelligence. I don't know. Maybe you would be if somebody gave you the chance. Did you ever consider that but here's

Dan  25:11
the other thing. They don't cover any new topics in this two hour broadcast how why would they? There's but there's no reason to have done it in the first place. No, this is only bad for it's an infomercial.

Jordan  25:22
That's what they they clearly he set out to make this a pure sales pitch. Well, you I'm using your language now. He set out to do what thing? And instead of doing that thing, he fucking did insane shit.

Dan  25:40
I think there was still a part of him that thought like, Alright, we are going to cover this cog shit, or get a lot of plugs in on the way. I'll scare people that we won't have iodine anymore. And then it just gotta gotta cook out char Larry Johnson

Jordan  25:54
who is threatening Larry Johnson. No. And this is why why would anybody threatened Larry, it's totally made up. Or maybe Larry Johnson just went, This is not good. And I don't want to be associated with this anymore.

Dan  26:07
I think those negative parts of Larry Johnson's past, a lot of people had forgotten about and the fact that he's not allowed on cable news shows anymore because of him being discredited as maybe we'll just sort of forget and he doesn't get tweeted out a lot. He doesn't get a lot of bad publicity. He goes on Info Wars, and all that stuff comes back up. Oh, does it I'm gonna guess he got a ton of really negative tweets of people being like, You're a liar in a race baiter. Really? fuck is wrong with you

Dan  26:35
do uh, maybe? I can't imagine that. No, there was an article about

Dan  26:39
him on Media Matters. So there was somebody? Yeah,

Jordan  26:42
because of that. Yeah. Okay, so I was gonna say, because I still kind of feel like you are the only person that watches info me

Dan  26:49
and whoever David Brock was employing I know, I know. I

Jordan  26:53
swear there's a part of me that's like nobody else has ever actually watched the show. And this is just some weird kind of experiments that Stanford is doing to try and drive you insane. Oh, no, I made on the experiment. This is about oh, god do your the test subject. I knew I was gonna get caught someday.

Dan  27:12
So yeah, I think that's what happened. Larry Johnson was having his past brought back up to him. He doesn't like it. So Alex is asking him to come back on the show. He's like, You know what, that was negative for me. I don't want to do eight into security. Alex can't handle that sort of thing and says like, clearly he's being threatened. The globalist must have gotten to that. Meanwhile, he can repackage that to prove that he and Roger Stone are super big men and strong because they're shadowboxing within non existent enemy. Yeah, the globalists aren't trying to get them and it's really easy for them to yell at the globalists. Yeah,

Jordan  27:45
but let me tell you, let me posit this theory to you all right. There finally they seem to be going down. could look there's just we just because the globalist haven't turned their eye on Alex Jones in the past does not necessarily mean they are not turning their soul. Ron s eye on him now. Also this

Dan  28:07
week, he has accused him of being of Transylvanian stock.

Jordan  28:11
Okay. Well, that in that case, does he is all right. I don't want to ask this question because I fear

Unknown Speaker  28:19
the answer. All right. Go ahead. See think Transylvania is real. Transylvania Israel. It's

Dan  28:25
a part of Romania.

Jordan  28:26
No, I mean, you know what, you know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah.

Dan  28:30
You know what I mean? I know what you mean. And the answer is yes. You

Jordan  28:33
know that. You know, he doesn't. Here's the thing. He does not know that Transylvania is a real place, right, but he believes that the Transylvania is a real place

Dan  28:43
he thinks Transylvania is a country probably. He thinks the Transylvania metaphorically exists as in the world of the Dark Lord Drakul.

Jordan  28:51
Exactly. Exactly. But not blob the Impaler if you will.

Dan  28:55
Right right. So anyway, let's finish up this clip so we can get on to greener pastures Excellent.

Alex Jones  28:59
And they're chopping them off right in front of me those the tentacle when I'm sitting there and I could have sold out to them for who wants power over people. It'd be part of this crap of cowards. Bully when I was 12 years old, that already beat me up three or four times I finally hit puberty says I'm gonna kick your ass outside. And you know what? I kicked his ass and I bashed his head in. Oh, that put him in a coma that a lot of other people. But the point was he asked for it. And you know what, the other day that guy might have been six feet tall. flipped his front three grades might have weighed 250 pounds. He thought it was a kick. He has 140 pound person I crawled on top of him and I knocked his teeth out. And that's what it comes down to look. I'm a diatribe. But you get in the fight with me, man. It's going all the way all the way.

Dan  29:50
He better not find out about our show. Also, did you notice that the phrasing in there really strongly implies that he's putting multiple people into Yes.

Jordan  30:00
Now here's here's the only thing. So normally I would say, Oh, he's just exaggerating and telling a bullshit lie about that. The strange thing there was that that really long pause, like suddenly he got introspective about it and like had one moment in his brain where it's like, oh, maybe I shouldn't have done that.

Dan  30:20
Maybe this is not the right road to go down. Yeah, may look like a monster. Yeah,

Jordan  30:24
maybe maybe telling people that I beat them and put them into a coma is not a good idea. Well, I

Dan  30:30
mean, on the one hand, he was being bullied according to his story. Yep. And I don't disagree that someone should stand up to a bully a great, I don't think you should be proud. If you put that bully then in a coma. I think it's a bad thing. Well, it also the way he describes it is a strong, strong indication that he has no ability to control his temper. Yeah, he's saying that he beat him, like, got on top of them and knocked his teeth in and was proud that he put this guy in a coma and then theoretically more people in a coma. And that led to lawsuits being put against his dad. Yep. So like, that's That's fucked up.

Jordan  31:07
It's It's It's insanely that has the that has the ring of like, a hulk out situation. Yeah, his his mental illness, which we don't know what it is. We cannot diagnose it. But if it is not there, then we're insane. Yeah, like if there is not something mentally wrong or not wrong, but to have normal damage with that, man, I quit. I quit every every idea of normal or seen I have if it is also applied to him, I am wrong.

Dan  31:39
Yeah. And again, that's I mean, just in this particular instance, it's again that like, it's real toxic, masculinity says glorifying and fetishizing of violence as like rites of passage. So like that, I think it's incredibly stupid.

Jordan  31:53
Well, yeah, I know you're a cook. So true, total data.

Dan  31:56
But you know, what cooks who aren't cooks, all the scary people who listen to Alex Jones, oh, boy.

Alex Jones  32:02
In closing, I've talked to a lot of people. And it's not, these agencies and groups don't reach out and don't do things. For PR purposes. It's because of their risking their lives even talking to me. And not 80% of the CIA, all the guys that do the killing. The analysts aren't bad either, but a lot of them like Larry C. Johnson, others have spoken out. But the guys that do the killing are 90% for Trump 80% of the agency, and it's the big agency. Obviously, there's 16 others,

Jordan  32:39
maybe that are bad, but maybe it's bad that the guys who do the killing love Trump. Don't you think if the guys who do the killing love a guy, it's generally because they're going to do more killing?

Dan  32:53
Well, in his conception to like, if you really break it down? I don't know statistically what the ratio of those who kill and those who don't are in the CIA?

Jordan  33:03
I would hope agency I would hope it's low on the kill side. Okay. Well, although although we you know, it is one of those things where now that they have drone strikes, frankly, everybody is a murderer. At this point.

Dan  33:15
What would you say? Maybe 5050?

Jordan  33:18
No, I would say there's no way that the support structure is equal to the people doing the killing.

Dan  33:24
I don't think he's including drones and the doing the killing, but that he's taught that's

Jordan  33:28
what I'm saying. Like if you've ever seen a spy movie, so what was like one spy,

Dan  33:33
Dermot Jordan to give me a number fantasy movies? At 2080 2020? Does the killing 20 Does the killing? Yeah, so 90% of those movies.

Jordan  33:46
You got real mad?

Dan  33:49
Alex's drunk rage is candlelit. No, so 90% of that. 80% It says the killing

Jordan  33:57
20% as the killing 90% of the 20%.

Dan  34:01
Right, the killing. So then in order for all of it, so that equal to 1%. Right, all of it to equal 80% that that has to mean that more than 90% of that 80% and not more than 90% It's still got to be like 75% of that 80% In order to compensate. Yeah. Because 20% would be who cares? Let's not get into your math is really struggling. Here it is. I should have prepared that a little bit. But that doesn't make his argument that 90% of the people who do the killing, support Trump and 80% of the total support Trump means that a vast majority of the analysts also support Trump,

Jordan  34:39
which cannot be positive numbers or cannot be possible. So I

Dan  34:43
don't remember what this clip is. But

Alex Jones  34:44
I mean, that's what scares them is that is that I talk to folks that are all over the different Special Operations Command everything, even up to major generals who might have been on the fence before Flynn. They're not forgotten. Having prosperity and the Democrats trying to kill prosperity of the Republicans shame one a bankrupt things to prove Trump's wrong. That's even getting mercenaries to go. Okay, I'm done. What

Jordan  35:12
was that pause that? How is how is it possible? How is that possible that you that you make that idiotic claim? Because like, like Trump said, I'm going to let Obamacare fail intentionally intentionally. Right.

Dan  35:30
Because you can't you can't have his way.

Jordan  35:32
You can't say that Democrats are doing that, because that's, that's like they're not there's zero. There's zero even slight?

Dan  35:40
Well, the Democrats did it in the first place. And this is just the natural.

Jordan  35:45
That's not that's a nonsense argument. No views or views.

Dan  35:48
It's very least cowardly.

Jordan  35:50
That is, see that's that's intentional, but then that has to be an intentional lie.

Dan  35:55
Well, we talked about I mean, hey, now I'm the one who's arguing it's not intense. Yeah, exactly. No, it is intentional, because he always talks about this prosperity stuff. And he talks about the small business optimism index. Okay. It's the highest it's ever been since 1984. Yep. Thanks to Trump. I looked into that finally. And I found the statistics that he's probably going off of because they're the official statistics

Jordan  36:18
from the National turns me on when you do research

Dan  36:21
from the National Federation of Independent Businesses, the Small Business index, these are the February's statistics. And again, fib. Yep. I don't believe that the march that I mean,

Jordan  36:31
that's I know a lot about it. So I shorten it, you know, I'm no big deal. But you should tell our listeners, you should tell our listeners what this is all about. So

Dan  36:39
they have I think it's like 20 Something statistical points that they analyze of small businesses, like their plans to increase employment plans to make capital outlays plans to increase inventories, right, current inventory, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, right? Like all of these things. And that's how they assess how businesses are doing and how they think they're going to be doing in the future. In February, the optimism index dropped point six points, but it still is at a really high 1.10 5.3. Which is actually I mean, that's really good, right? Yeah. And if you look at the numbers around the election, they shot up from like, 98 to 105. Ah, because of Trump's like we're going to get, we're gonna get rid of the fact that you have to pay for your employees insurance, right, things like that. That makes businesses optimistic, right. So it's not necessarily evil. No, employees are very, very not optimist. No, because they want insurance. It's good to have and they want protection.

Jordan  37:40
That's such a that's such a great thing that they take credit, like it boggles my mind how they cannot make even the slightest connection between Obama taking over when it's super low. And then Trump taking over when it's super high. Well, they don't get that in the meantime, something may have happened. Well,

Dan  38:01
that that is what we can talk about in terms of the stock market rise well, and that sort of thing. This I think is directly related to

Jordan  38:09
I think that small jump is directly related to Trump. But where do you think it was in 2008?

Dan  38:14
Well, he I actually have the entire graph here in front of me, that dates back to 2000. Right. And the claim that it's the highest it's ever been since 1984. patently false. Not true, right? When Obama took over it was as high or higher is almost at 110. It's like, 107 ish around there. So in 2004, the optimism was even higher. Yeah. And now there's a little bit of a dip and it gets down in like, 2008 2009, when the market was falling apart, exactly. Its way down. I'm looking at it right around like 81. Right. And then there was gradually increase, it keeps going. There's progress. It's never down to that low. Again, there's natural ebbs and flows, right, of course, ups and downs. And then, like, I have to cop to it. It does jump dramatically right around the election.

Jordan  39:03
I agree. But I voted the stock market. Right. But and now it's starting to go down. But it doesn't

Dan  39:08
mean anything concrete. Not all it means is these people,

Jordan  39:13
it's it's a it's a projection of the concept of hope. And that's, that's where it it is kind of a silly thing. Because all that saying is these people hope things go well, and they think it's going to

Dan  39:30
Well, sure, and then look at this, but it's not. But if you look at the components of the small business optimism index, like if you look at the individual pieces, right, here's where we are for February 2017. Businesses that plan to increase employment, is it 15% which is down 3% from last time, they took the measurement in January. Okay, so it's already going down right? plans to improve our plans to increase inventory. Is it 3% that. So businesses actually concretely growing is only at 3%. Right, which is up 1% From January, but, you know, whatever. Yeah,

Jordan  40:08
I don't I don't know necessarily if this is going to make sense to go down, I

Dan  40:11
expect sales to be higher down. 3%. Okay. Now is a good time to expand businesses that believe that down 3% Right. So a lot of these indicators of like, actual optimism are going to go down. So fucking everybody is gone. There's an artificial optimism that comes from a president who says things you think you can believe it? Yeah.

Jordan  40:34
And we're learning so fast, so fast. He's lied about everything. We're not learning that the people who voted for him are

Dan  40:42
learning small business owners who now have to wrestle pardon the pun with Linda McMahon is in charge. Oh,

Jordan  40:49
God about that. Don't make me remember that. He put literally every horrible person I can imagine into whatever position he

Dan  40:56
could be in which I hope WrestleMania was great this weekend. Anyway, best

Jordan  41:01
wishes to all of you.

Alex Jones  41:03
It's not some goody two shoes thing. Like he's like some Protestant bible thumper, beating you over the head. He's like, let's be rich and powerful. And then we see it happening. Only 70 days into office. And all these assholes are saying killing. And I'm just like, man, you can't keep shooting your mouth off about violence, with people that wrote the book on it. So just to speak about that continuum. Because I know last time you were on last week, I brought up some of the things we've talked about, and just that people knew when they ran for office that they want, what would happen, and jokes were made, you know about putting the army around the White House. But, you know, that's basically where we're at Roger, so they know. They know why they're so scared of Trump. What is Trump need to do to say stop calling for violent overthrow, because, again, it's criminal, not to stop major media organizing the criminal overthrow the executive branch and the Civil War.

Dan  42:04
That's not happening. That's not happening, but also what Trump says he does he think it's happening, what Trump would need to do is start by being honest, and then resign, can't imagine those would be the things he needs, those are not possible. Those would be the things that he needs to do to get people who are against him to stop because no one's gonna stop. He can't conceive of that. No, but also, for the last minute or so of this clip, maybe minute and a half. This is all a question. This is all how to set up a question. That's right.

Jordan  42:33
I forgot about that.

Alex Jones  42:35
I don't want a war. I'm only having to start saying Man, my gloves are coming off, bro. Because these people I don't cuss on the air in the last few years. I do it all the time now because the gloves are coming off. I want people to recognize it's counting down here, man. You can't punch me in my family in the nose and call for the death of my president. Without the knives coming out assholes. I don't want to run these things into you. But if you come at me with a knife, I'm gonna destroy you. You look at the globalists are like two retards starting fights with Mike Tyson in his prime. So just know your comments on that. Let's just put it all out there because they say you're sensational. You're not you hold it all back, let them know or or just kill we let them start the war because I don't want this to do we let

Jordan  43:21
them start the war because I don't want this. He doesn't want this. You know

Dan  43:25
what I've started to come around on a new theory about Alex. Okay, and I tweet I texted you about this and told you I couldn't explain it. Yeah. In person. Yes. I think Alex desperately wants Trump to get impeached or assassinated. That's his only that's his only hope really the only out because I think he he, you know how we've talked about how he didn't want Trump to win. Right? I'm going back on that. I think he did want him to win. But since he is one, he started to realize that it is way too difficult to carry this water. Yeah. He's starting to realize that all of his narratives are busted. Every single statistic he quotes is wrong. All of the news stories that he cites don't say what he thinks it says it's becoming impossible for him to defend people like Flynn, who he has defended in the past. Right. It's impossible for him to defend Nunez at this point. That Dennis Montgomery bullshit he was pulling that we went over on the last episode The list is insane. That was bananas. I think he's getting to the point where he's frustrated and like, Can't this and already so I can twist the narrative

Jordan  44:25
way back when we talked about this. He doesn't know how to win.

Dan  44:29
It's not that though I don't think I don't think the winning is the problem. I think it's the being being attached to this thing. This this tumor on the side of him is so counter to what he says it is these like there's a tumor growing out of his science. Oh, no, that's body modification. I got that. I wanted that there. It's great. Oh, everybody has these big boxes. Yeah,

Jordan  44:51
I had that implanted. It's, it's super cool. Watch what I can do with it. I can open a beer I can do that

Dan  44:59
study. whop has a song about that already.

Jordan  45:03
From now I want him now I want him to just say the words Betty whop on air one time confetti walk,

Dan  45:09
please make a video where he shoots Trump. Then we could get

Jordan  45:12
we can get so much fatty laptop. Yeah. Oh

Dan  45:15
my god, I can't I can't imagine how he'd mispronounce it. Right.

Jordan  45:18
So is it too late to change the name of this podcast to talk?

Dan  45:22
I think it is. It gets too late, I think. But so that's my theory is that he desperate that because he's the only one who was talking about Trump being assassinated? Yeah,

Jordan  45:32
no one else is talking about that. And

Dan  45:35
except maybe some really, really far out people well, even when no one support seat but

Jordan  45:40
even even those people, I think, see the writing on the wall and they're like, Oh, well, we don't need to talk about that. He's going to fall apart. And anyone

Dan  45:47
who has any awareness of the world knows that like, really, at this point with this type of a person assassinating them would only hurt Oh, yeah, that'd be a terrible idea. If you're against a person like this, like a demagogue, if you kill them, then

Jordan  46:01
ya know, the best way is for Trump to go down any nominee and just fucking disappear

Dan  46:07
which is probably pretty likely. You mean prison?

Jordan  46:10
I want him to go to prison so bad either that or I want all of his money taken away from him, and he becomes a popper and we bring back the stalks and we all get to throw one tomato at him. That'd be fun one tomato just like just like my theory, or just like my prescription for Richard Spencer and all Nazis you get one punch sure you get one punch that's our that's our compromise there.

Dan  46:32
It would be great if the punishment for treason instead of like killing them, because I think that that is traditionally the punishment for treason.

Jordan  46:41
Yeah, I think I think I think Schiff gets to Facebook them. Isn't that true?

Dan  46:45
Well, he has a he's an archetypical coxa Yeah. I think the punishment for treason just line up every citizen every illegal immigrant and they all get to just punch you in the gut.

Jordan  46:56
See now that that's not a good idea. That's a trap. You just laid a trap for illegal immigrants.

Unknown Speaker  47:01
What did you do they get to punch him in the stomach?

Jordan  47:03
But now we know where they are what's wrong with you?

Dan  47:06
Well, it turns out the legal ones are getting arrested when they go to immigration hearing Yeah,

Jordan  47:11
so would have guessed who would have guessed that that horrible thing could have backfired into a even more horrible thing oops. Yeah, like any like any of them fucking care so

Dan  47:21
here's the last clip with Roger Stone before we get into uncharted waters with Alex Jones. Okay, robbery monsters Roger Stone on Friday was on Bill Maher he was on Real Time with Bill Maher

Jordan  47:31
What the fuck is wrong with Bill Maher? A lot he's a fucking idiot. Yeah, and and I hate him so much. He's

Dan  47:38
a fucking insane islamophobe Yeah, he is the worst. Well,

Jordan  47:42
the most recent clip was him and three other white dudes saying that

Dan  47:46
Chris Hayes was on job yeah. And he just if you watch that clip he just has his head down through most of it. Yeah, I waited i Calm Yeah. And like Louise manche is on and

Jordan  47:57
she's fucking a lunatic to watch was a fucking conspiracy theorist lunatic.

Dan  48:03
Not in the same vein as a lot of people like the Alex Jones conspiracy, right? No, no, I don't think it's fair to paint her with the same brush.

Jordan  48:12
But I will say that if you want any kind of journalistic integrity, you definitely don't go to Louise match.

Dan  48:19
That's fair. That's fair. I don't want to unpack all that. I'm not here to go to bat for her.

Jordan  48:24
That's a long conversation to Yeah, and

Dan  48:26
this isn't the Louise Jones Show. So Roger there

Jordan  48:31
Alex Jones listeners who do the same podcast we do. Except it's about Louise match. I

Dan  48:36
would hope so. That would be fun. But there's like that Kansas governor or senator who was on who was the one who was talking about how Muslims are terrible brown back or Oh, wasn't brown bag. Matt something? I don't know. Anyway, that was last week. This week. Roger Stone was on and that's why he's got to go to bed bed and leave Alex at this point. And this is where Alex

Jordan  48:56
kind of tucks out Roger Stone to

Dan  48:59
know Bill Maher, but then also here, you'll see

Roger Stone  49:02
okay, well, hats off to Bill Maher. He's got bigger balls than say Mark Warner.

Alex Jones  49:10
Like Bill Maher him and he says faster than a halo many not that we need to plug for Bill Maher. But they tape it live. He hates Infowars so if you don't enforce plugs, we need to travel. You know the visitors? That we're gonna get that maybe shut it but just to piss him off. If you said it's an info war, nine infowars.com We're winning. I want to see if that gets in there. So promise me you'll do that. Right.

Roger Stone  49:32
You got it. You have my promise

Alex Jones  49:34
did Roger Stone?

Dan  49:36
I don't know. I didn't watch it. But I do know that. You know, that's Alex Jones pathetically being like,

Jordan  49:44
yes. Please mention me. It's not that we need the mentioned but please, please, please. We're

Unknown Speaker  49:51
doing great, please.

Dan  49:53
So at this point, Roger Stone goes to bed bed because he's a 70 year old man. And Alex should have stopped.

Jordan  50:02
Oh, thank God he did because as

Dan  50:05
drunk as he sounds and how stupid he's been up till this point, without Roger Stone to ground him, he is losing it. Okay, that the rest of this episode, these clips are riddles. They're real somewhat hard to figure out what guy's talking about. All right.

Unknown Speaker  50:27
So this is what even more so than regular. Yes. Okay,

Dan  50:31
so this clip is right after Roger Stone leaves. Okay, immediately the moment that Roger Stone has got, I think he says something like router sounds great or something I might have cut out that but nothing contextual. Nothing got nothing that would make this make sense. Okay, so here we go.

Alex Jones  50:49
To me money is literally like a video game. And I'm fighting the big boss at the end of the game. I just need more money to beat him. Money literally. I mean, after you got a good car, like like me, I mean, why do I have a Dodge Hellcat? I've never bought in my life a $63,000 vehicle. Let's go to full screen on top people about money. I should read like $25,000 Ford trucks. They're awesome. That's all I needed. But then I was like Ferrari makes this now and it's 700 horsepower. And it's

Jordan  51:22
America. That's not what Ferrari

Alex Jones  51:26
he's only getting two and he's calling me over.

Dan  51:28
Also these pauses he's burping. Okay, like those are?

Jordan  51:32
What do we what do we think he's drinking?

Dan  51:34
I think it's whiskey. He loves whiskey.

Jordan  51:36
You think it's pure? Like what's his whiskey brand?

Dan  51:38
I believe it's Jameson. You think so?

Jordan  51:40
I don't I don't want to share that with him. I don't like that my brand new whiskey is his brand.

Dan  51:44
I think it might just be because everyone I know drinks to see I feel like it's like a wild turkey.

Jordan  51:49
I think that's what we're seeing here.

Dan  51:50
I could see that or like a jack. Yeah, no, Jack has Tennessee sour mash. Right. You wouldn't be down with that.

Jordan  51:57
Well, I definitely doesn't drink scotch. No, no, that

Dan  52:01
I don't remember. I know that Joe Rogan mentioned what it was when he was on the Rogan experience. And also Rogan Joe Rogan called it apple juice I believe no, that was out. Oh, that was But Joe Rogan and Eddie Bravo have talked about how he was drinking before the episode started. Oh, man. So this gives a picture of like, what a like Alex isn't

Jordan  52:19
and that was that was even when Alex wasn't losing all of his money.

Dan  52:23
No. Oh, God. Yep. So you might think that he's done talking about cars. He's not

Alex Jones  52:33
now what and test drove it. I said I want this Dodge Hellcat challenger. Because it was you couldn't. You couldn't get a car for $300,000 Because you've got to get a half million dollar Ferrari. That's fast. But it wasn't even one of the fast car. Yes, it is. I had a Ford truck. I still have it. It's so fast for horsepower. That I mean, it's faster and I think it was that it was so Americana. Okay. And so anti Al Gore, but also because it was black. And just look like a regular challenger, that it like fit into my cosmology that it doesn't look like a race car. But it is

Jordan  53:19
Who are you trying to convince here? Alex Jones? Is it you or me?

Unknown Speaker  53:22
Also? what point are you?

Jordan  53:26
It's Americana. As everybody knows, Dodge Challenger. Oh, Americans dream of buying a Dodge Challenger?

Dan  53:35
Sure. It's in the Constitution. It's not in the Constitution. It is. I've read it in a while. But yeah,

Jordan  53:40
which amendment was that? Was that? That was that was the 17. Oh, I hope it was it.

Dan  53:48
But I do like there. He's saying that like this. It's this black car. And it doesn't look like it's a race car. But it is. And that fits into his cosmology of things not appearing to be what they are his cosmology. Right. That's the wrong word.

Jordan  54:02
That's definitely the wrong word.

Dan  54:03
What I think he means is his life's philosophy. Right? It's this idea that

Jordan  54:07
not not what Mars in ascendancy has planned for him? No,

Dan  54:12
but I think what he's trying to say is that his life is predicated on the belief that things aren't what they appear to be.

Jordan  54:19
Okay. And that's actually if he was trying to say that that would be an interesting thing to say, I might

Dan  54:26
be doing excessive exegesis, you

Jordan  54:29
are giving him more credit than he has ever deserved.

Dan  54:32
But we have to otherwise there's no show.

Unknown Speaker  54:36
Because otherwise, otherwise,

Jordan  54:37
we're just talking about the crazy man on the train yelling.

Dan  54:41
Look at this drug. I have to at least try and parse out like, what does he mean by that? Yeah, I think that's what it is. And I would agree with him that his life is about that, but not in the way he thinks. He thinks that he's saying that. I see that hidden reality behind things, or the truth is is like, you are not what you appear to be. You appear to be a conservative talk show host. And you're out and out. Craven propagandist. Yes. So I kind of get it. If that's what he's I mean, if that's what he's saying Fine. Again, it might be the twin coming out the ear. That's, that's what I'm thinking it could be what I'm thinking there is there does appear to be a part of him that is desperately wanting to come clean.

Jordan  55:26
Yeah, but oh my god. So, Matt. So how far does he go down? Before he actually does come clean? Do you think he would do it? If he finally got fully taken down and he sits there going, we're shuttering the door. And I refuse to rhyme that with whatever the name of his show or website may be.

Dan  55:48
I think you'd have to have excessive lawsuits that he knows he's dead to rights on. Or something like that, man, because it would take more than Glenn Beck like Glenn Beck flipped like that. Yeah, he he's flipped and flipped back. He's the worst. Oh, yeah.

Jordan  56:04
Well, I mean, he's a survivor. Sure. Glenn Beck is a cockroach? Yeah. Glenn Beck is gonna make it through this. Alex Jones is not going to make it through this.

Dan  56:12
He's gonna flame out. Oh, absolutely. And this erratic drunkenness is not going to help.

Jordan  56:18
I know, I was, I was scrambling for some positive way I could

Dan  56:25
to your to your question. And I think that he's, at this point, if I, if I know Alex, like I think I do. I think he is in a battle between not being able to carry the load anymore, and how guilty he feels about selling out the last 20 years of his quote unquote, principles. Yeah. And waiting for Trump to go down. I think that's what he's doing. Ah, there's two forces what's like are just hold on for a little bit. The narrative will flip. And that's why the next episode that we're going to do is massively about pizza gate. Yeah. And that, that whole situation with him, and I think that I think that the last episode we did with Dennis Montgomery stuff was one attempt to try and flip the narrative and be like, okay, we can go down this path, everything will be fine. You can't do that. There's no legs now. So now he's going like, Alright, fuck, I'm gonna be a crusader against pedophilia. And maybe that'll take the attention off the Trump ship. Yeah, for a bit. I think that's him buying time, so he doesn't have to face the music. I might be putting again, I might be given too much credit. That's

Jordan  57:36
so well. To me. It seems like he does have good people talking to him at Infowars because of the because of that earlier clip where he's like, people have told me to let this go and it'll probably work out. I swear there's somebody at Infowars who just a low level employee, he was like, Dude, we can still make it through this chill. Just don't do you for a little while. And then whenever Trump's gone, we'll get back we'll get right back to not being in the big spotlight. We'll get right back

Dan  58:10
into I'm 100% guessing it's Roger Stone and Jerome Corsi you think so? Well, I would assume that those are the only two people he fully respects like Robertson can't say that to him. Rob Do you can't say sure Rob do does show up later. At the end of this episode, just wandering in like a homeless man. He's probably the only other person in the studio just with his bindle on his might as well. But he shows up and he gets on mic. He's sitting at the desk with Alex. Alex won't even look at him. Oh, Alex is talking and facing the other direction. Oh,

Jordan  58:40
god, that's so beautiful.

Dan  58:42
I can't imagine Paul Joseph Watson has any sagely advice to PJ Dubs. Hey,

Jordan  58:47
have we have we heard anything from Leanne McAdoo in a while? Has she not even been on she has

Dan  58:52
just I don't give a shit. Right. Okay.

Jordan  58:54
I'm just I'm just worried that the whenever you don't mention these other people, I'm

Dan  58:58
like, they're still around. How

Jordan  59:00
much money? Is he losing that he can't even afford these? When do we just stop seeing them? And he never mentions it because it can't pay them.

Dan  59:07
Even like pizza gate. Joe Biggs is back. He's back doing some reports. Yeah, but he's not getting paid at Rambo Biggs on Twitter. Anyway, yeah,

Jordan  59:16
he's getting paid in exposure. Yeah, quote, unquote. he's

Dan  59:19
doing. He's doing propaganda on spec. So here we go. We got to get through the rest of this clip about Alex's cars.

Jordan  59:29
Is that what we're talking about? We're still there.

Alex Jones  59:32
And the reason I raised that is once you got a car to carry your kids to school and another car to drive to work in, and a house. I'm like wanting to downsize from my four bedroom. But I've got a bunch of children. I have four children. They were talking about on air. But there's this for now. And because there's so many threats against little sweethearts, But I'm like, here's heavy in the same room as the other because I don't like living in rich people neighborhoods. And it's not even against the upper middle class neighborhood I live in. It's just doesn't feel good. I'm trying to find some big compound at some, some blue collar area,

Jordan  1:00:20
a big compound and a blue collar area.

Alex Jones  1:00:23
And I'm not, it's not like I'm some fake leftist that lives in a rich area, and then says that I'm against rich. I want you to be wealthy to be independent, but it's not my God. Like, I think I'm gonna sell my car just because I've had it two years. I don't need some really fast and ever grab it fast. I just need to be more humble and just go back to my neat Ford f150

Dan  1:00:46
might need to sell my car for money. I need money. Also, why is this on air when I have no

Jordan  1:00:51
idea. But the reason I'm rambling about his kid, the

Dan  1:00:55
reason I screamed at you to hold on it was because he was getting to that point where he's like, I got four kids. I haven't really said that on air. He's

Jordan  1:01:02
had another kid. He's had another kid. Yeah, I don't know when

Unknown Speaker  1:01:05
he had it. But he like recently recently 35 as recently as a few months ago, he

Dan  1:01:11
said three he said three? Yeah, so he's had another kid pretty recently.

Jordan  1:01:15
All right. posit this question. Right. Illegitimate kid, probably. It has to be right. Well, I

Dan  1:01:21
think he just recently had a divorce too. Yeah, I don't. I don't know if that's true, though.

Jordan  1:01:26
Whose kid is this? I don't know. I don't we find this information.

Dan  1:01:30
Again. This is irrelevant. That's true. This is not what we that's we're not a gossip

Jordan  1:01:34
show. No. And we do want to occasionally find out more about

Dan  1:01:41
personal Absolutely, but his kids are off off limits. Okay, but I do think that it's even if

Jordan  1:01:45
one is 26 and he just met it. Met I think that's that's how I think of children

Dan  1:01:53
them. Yes. But the idea that he doesn't talk about his kids on the air because there's so many threats against the little sweethearts. That's weird. See, that's that falls right in line with his paranoia. Yeah,

Jordan  1:02:08
that's a gentle that's a gentle soul underneath that though. A broken

Dan  1:02:14
gentle is not the word I would use hurting, hurting drunk. Oh, anyway, here we go. The next clip

Alex Jones  1:02:22
the point is I'm not doing what I do for money. Yes, I would chop my right arm off right now with a gear to do it to defeat the globalist doesn't mean some utopia is coming. Does it mean that you know, I've got all the answers it's just I'm not out to get people and

Dan  1:02:50
I didn't put in pauses knew these are this is how he's talking. This is

Jordan  1:02:55
him just searching for any threat.

Dan  1:02:59
Any threat so here's the threat he does find.

Alex Jones  1:03:01
Again, when you've got the third biggest radio show in the country. Nope. The normal talk show hosts would make $10 million a year or more. I'm gross wise probably the second highest paid talk shows the country now not certainly listen to definitely this about talkers and others.

Jordan  1:03:24
So no possible way is he

Dan  1:03:27
I pulled up Forbes list of The Top radio hosts of 2016. They have a list of that. Yeah. The highest paid radio hosts as of 2016. Number six Glenn Beck made $16 million last year. Well, Bill O'Reilly comes in and number 518 point 5 million

Jordan  1:03:44
just on his radio show,

Dan  1:03:46
apparently. Fuck I mean a heavy syndication for that number for Sean Hannity. Yeah, I

Jordan  1:03:52
was gonna say Hannity, his radio show is probably the 29 million. That number four.

Dan  1:03:57
Yeah. Number three, plot twist. Ryan Seacrest, because he has that morning show.

Jordan  1:04:03
Oh, that makes sense. Everybody inexplicably likes or or Ryan Seacrest is charming as hell. He's charming in a robot way.

Dan  1:04:12
That's fine. But that's what people like. That's why they listen to like Delilah and shit. Number two on the code Rush Limbaugh with 79 million. And number one, Howard Stern with 85 million. Not on the list even.

Jordan  1:04:27
I constantly forget that. Howard Stern is still around.

Dan  1:04:31
Yeah, it's easy to forget. Because we're adults. Yeah. Right. Yeah,

Jordan  1:04:34
we've moved on.

Dan  1:04:35
So that's the

Jordan  1:04:36
$5 million.

Dan  1:04:38
Yeah, so that's the that's the top six paid. Radio.

Jordan  1:04:43
Where is Alex Jones app?

Dan  1:04:45
He's not even in the conversation. He's not even on the list at all that I can find. And I mean, like we've talked about, I can't get his I can't get a Freedom of Information Act going for. Now. We just find answers. I can't find that. I don't know. But I can find and a list of listenership are the top listenership radio shows right right. Number one in the country is Morning Edition on NPR as a listener base of 14 point 7 million listeners a week Okay, number two all things considered also on NPR 14 point 4 million listeners. Number three Rush Limbaugh 13.2 5 million listeners every week that's so sad Sean Hannity comes in at number four with 12 point 5 million that's also sad Delilah the aforementioned Delilah comes in after that with her request line show pulling in an average of 8.8 million listeners a week all right now we dropped neutral a little bit down here 1-234-567-8910 11 On the list the savage nation Michael Savage is show 5.2 5 million listeners a week which is good but it's still substantially below is fake statistics not not for humanity No. Coast to Coast AM little bit further down the list the love coast to coast. I love it. I love hearing everyone talk. All right. All right. Well, I did love it until I realized that Georgia nori is like an Obama birther and antivax guy until that point ever listened to coast to coast?

Jordan  1:06:16
I do not know.

Dan  1:06:17
Damn, it's so good. It's overnights and George nori. Well, it used to be Art Bell, but then he fled to the Philippines. He just wanted to get off the grid. Okay, move to an island. He was smart. He wasn't being chased or anything like that.

Jordan  1:06:31
If I were Alex Jones right now, that is exactly what I do. I'll get the fuck out. So

Dan  1:06:35
Jordan already took over and

Jordan  1:06:37
whoever extradition laws are the hardest.

Dan  1:06:40
Jordan already took over and he's the smoothest ship guy. He used to do like evening radio in St. Louis. He's just awesome. And he talks about like ghosts, okay, aliens and ancient civilizations and stuff like that. They just do overnights and what makes the show so special is most of the time is open lines. So he ends up just taking calls from people who have ghosts in their house. It's awesome. Okay, all right. Unfortunately, I realized take your word for it. I realized he is a as conservative as crazy conservative as a lot of these people like the Michael savages, but he just hides it with alien talk.

Jordan  1:07:20
How do you combine that with aliens and ghosts? He generally doesn't count I know but how is it that you feel that way? While at the same time? Look, I believe in small government. I'm a Christian. I really believe that the Bible is a good thing. Also aliens and ghosts are coming around all over the place. He

Dan  1:07:41
did an interesting interview with Duncan Trussell, where he talks about some of that stuff. So

Jordan  1:07:46
every interview with Duncan Trussell is inter is interesting while at the same time being weirdly tedious

Dan  1:07:53
and a little frustrating. Yeah, exactly. I do love the guy. But so he if you want more insight into sort of his position that interview with trestle is really good. But that's Coast to Coast AM they have 2.7 5 million listeners a week? Okay, on this entire list that goes down like the top 20 listened to radio shows in the country.

Jordan  1:08:12
Alex Jones is not among them. Not at all. Okay,

Dan  1:08:15
the last one on the list. 2.5 million. The Kim commando show gives you some context. Have you ever heard of the Kim commando show? No, conceivably, what this means because these numbers are based on Nielsen they're based on like professional aggregates Alex is on terrestrial radio he would be covered by those yeah statistics you'd have to be the fact that the they do include the Glenn Beck program they include Sean Hannity Rush Limbaugh, Michael Savage, again coast to coast

Jordan  1:08:46
again, every radio station has to pay to syndicate those shows not

Dan  1:08:51
always and we don't know what their idea

Jordan  1:08:55
however, we do know you do not have to pay for the Alex Jones Show.

Dan  1:08:58
We found his contract. But it's very public contract point that I'm making is that you have NPR on the same list as Michael Savage. There's clearly no bias in this list right? This list is statistical. And yes, the fact that Alex Jones is not on there means that his actual radio audience is less than 2.5 million people a week it has to be now he does have a number of people who watch his videos on on YouTube right there are people who listen directly through the website right but it can't possibly no way and being

Jordan  1:09:33
question Do you think he's gained listeners since he's become a what like, what would you call him now like a boogeyman like somebody that he's always been a boogeyman? No, he's always been a boogeyman but one that is much more in the spotlight like I've seen on the internet just as a just the whole internet.

Dan  1:09:52
No, I think people like watching the memes. I don't think anyone's listening to his actual show. No,

Jordan  1:09:56
that's what I'm saying. But do you think that any that he's gay Ain't listeners as a as a, like a response to that, because now with the way that the world works, like that fucking guy who fucking murdered Trayvon will not say his name. I hope he gets he's I hope he gets hit by a truck. But whenever that happened, he got millions for his defense fund just because conservatives are like, No, it's fine to kill Black people like

Dan  1:10:26
I think they're fucking monster. I think it's possible that as a backlash to this made fun of him, people who wouldn't be inclined to agree with Alex have rallied around a little Yeah, exactly. But statistically speaking based on these numbers that we have from the Nielsen ratings, not an effect. Well, it can't possibly be this.

Alex Jones  1:10:45
And I'll be honest with you, we know we reach 45 million people a week on a bad week now. The fact that we bring in the amount of money we bring in, and my crew is impressed with that. It's nothing. Held the Superbowl has 80 million viewers and brings in $500 million, whatever. Oh, we have that amount of viewers a week, so much a month guaranteed, and it's a fraction. And it's not about the money, but it shows how we're it big as they are bigger.

Jordan  1:11:15
It's about the money when you don't have any.

Alex Jones  1:11:17
But we don't have the big corporations and the elite who know they're advertising in a failure. Who know they're putting money in the doesn't bring back 10% of what they invest. But they're tithing to prop up their lie.

Jordan  1:11:30
Nope, nope.

Dan  1:11:31
Also the idea that 45 million people are watching a week is

Jordan  1:11:35
45 million people don't do anything together. It's like there are there are zero things that 45 million people all do at the same time. It's

Dan  1:11:43
absolutely ludicrous. Unbelievable. Does the

Jordan  1:11:47
like the Superbowl is getting down close to 45 million now. Well, yeah.

Dan  1:11:52
I mean, the numbers are down for that. Sure. Yeah.

Jordan  1:11:56
No, 45 million people do not agree on anything, any work contexts.

Dan  1:11:59
That would be Rush Limbaugh's audience times three. Yeah, that's impossible. It's just absolutely impossible. It there's no way. There's no way.

Jordan  1:12:10
I mean, maybe, maybe we're worldwide. Now, that's not possible either. No, no.

Dan  1:12:17
So we now go to,

Alex Jones  1:12:19
I was offered a million dollars a year $3 million $10 million 12 million back when I was only on like, 20 some radio stations

Jordan  1:12:31
$1,000 A billion million dollars.

Alex Jones  1:12:36
And so I always hear how Oh, I'm a sellout because some person that actually isn't involved. Just can feel like a big man. I say in all shows he's a sell up. He works for the system or this you know, made up crap or whatever. We leased the satellite from Clear Channel or A and T and T we work for them because we lease a satellite and that's probably a Samsung TV right there. Look what companies out and I want them as more for Samsung is a Samsung isn't about me, it's just that I'm just an average guy. If I can be true and have these effects, you can as well. And it's the crew and the listeners that make all this possible.

Jordan  1:13:09
I'm just an average guy was saying $300,000 car just like every average guy, a $300,000 car or the plumber. Oh man, I'm so average this Dodge Hellcat charger pays for itself, you know, like you the average Infowars listener I might sell it. Now Now that is something that the average Infowars listener can relate to.

Dan  1:13:34
I want to apologize we jumped right into that clip because whatever the operating system that I'm in Gmail that plays audio attachments has changed overnight apparent and I can no longer load up clips and have them at the ready to press play. You just have to launch them so sorry, I I'm still getting used to not being able to give the setup

Jordan  1:13:53
Oh, somebody is going to tweet at you. You're so wrong. I'm a fuckup or they're gonna teach you how to do it right maybe

Dan  1:14:01
upgrade your UI

Alex Jones  1:14:04
everything I am is truthful. That's why if I'm actually want to cuss which I haven't wanted to do in 20 years. I'm doing it because I'm so pissed, man. That things are so clear. And I don't sit here and say buy our products so that I can like have a bigger house to impress people don't want to live in the country and just have a big enough house for a family comes they got a bed to stay on the couch.

Dan  1:14:41
You really thought that something was coming there Right? Other than people. I wanted

Unknown Speaker  1:14:46
anything. I wanted anything George Soros. Oh, Pacific.

Jordan  1:14:51
I don't buy stuff. All right. Thanks, Alex. Thanks. Thank you. We got it. We got a buddy. Yep.

Alex Jones  1:14:59
And a pool. All the swimming is like a pool, you know, a pool a car, that's that's, and you know, and I can fly somewhere and I can get your medicine. I just want money to live just like you do. And the globalist know that they want to keep you at a level where you don't get the money you need to live so that you have to capitulate to them to even operate. Oh, that's

Jordan  1:15:19
exactly what that's exactly what he thinks is happening. So the end he thinks they're taking away his money, right? So he has to change his opinion,

Dan  1:15:27
right? And they're taking away his deep Earth Crystals and I hate it when somebody takes away my deep Earth Crystals. That's what the globalists want. That's why they want all the Deep Earth Crystals. Well, and the stupid thing is, like, don't talk about how you don't want money in your sales pitch. It's too obvious.

Jordan  1:15:45
Um, yeah, yeah, it's it's very much Me thinks a death is a dick. Yeah, pretty much. Yeah. I mean,

Dan  1:15:54
whenever I have asked for donations to the Patreon or whatever, I always walk it back a little bit, because you don't want money. I don't care if someone

Jordan  1:16:01
gives me money. I would like oh, you just you just don't even it's not about the money for you. It's not about buying your third home. You know, from the money you're getting from your patient.

Dan  1:16:13
My shitty apartment in Chicago? Yes. My third shitty

Jordan  1:16:16
the lovely room.

Dan  1:16:18
This This place isn't that shitty, but be that as it may. I mean, I it's stupid of me to even compare myself to him in terms of the public when I asked for donations, like, give a real give. And I mean it.

Jordan  1:16:32
Well, we have 46 million listeners though. That's true. We have 1 million more listeners than ours. And I think that's why I think that's why he hates us so much. Like probably bring up that Forbes list of highest paid podcasts. Oh considered whether or not we have, because George Soros offered us

Dan  1:16:50
number three Scott Aukerman. Well, yeah, that sounds number two.

Jordan  1:16:55
Did you literally have that list right in front

Dan  1:16:57
of you. Number two is Marc Maron Yeah, number one knowledge

Jordan  1:17:10
Jesus Christ, you started playing with your computer the same way you did with the radios. You fucking sold me on it. Alright, it's good. You're a liar. You're a liar. So

Dan  1:17:20
now Alex Jones doesn't like I'm saying he doesn't want money. But now this next clip, he's going to explain what he does want

Jordan  1:17:27
love in the love of his father. We all know that it's the love of his

Dan  1:17:30
father busy hugging those teeth. So in this clip, he's also because he's so drunk, he's going to end up getting sidetracked. He's going to misuse scripture. Again, our favorite, favorite little corner on this also he's going to blaspheme. Excellent.

Jordan  1:17:49
I love it when he backs to back in

Alex Jones  1:17:50
this new paradigm. They're saying they want to censor us. They're shutting us down every week, last few months. They're just chopping in. And my lust I don't mean that in a bad way. But my drive my ambition is to reach new people. I need you and to pay our crew that work hard more and to hire new crew and to expand. And so I used to see the preachers bottom corrupt and bad I grew up in Dallas. My parents who badmouth the church, God I hated high good. The widow's mite. You know, she had nothing. She had some oil and whatever but her daughter we're gonna starve to death she gets a little bit of money and then then God gave Moses big bounty because they did it. You know?

Jordan  1:18:36
That scripture? Got it at all one of them shit. Jesus. Jesus just was like, Cool, man.

Alex Jones  1:18:44
I want the people that are sitting out there that are middle class or wealthy. And who think that got where they are with those stocks and bonds giving nothing to nobody. Or maybe they gave something to some dumb ass church that pushes much of globalism.

Jordan  1:19:06
What is he fucking talking about? He hates the church. He

Dan  1:19:10
hates the church is the bride of Christ. Yes. But also, I want to say that what he just said there, you middle class and rich people who have all these stocks and haven't given shit to anybody think that makes you wealthy? He's saying an analogue of Obama's you didn't build your business.

Jordan  1:19:31
Oh shit. You're right. He's saying you're absolutely right. That did not occur to me the spirit of what he's saying. That's

Dan  1:19:37
exactly right. And he's so mad about is the exact same spirit as this thing that a black president said and he got furious about he is the worst. He is the worst. He literally doesn't know the words that are coming out of his mouth.

Jordan  1:19:51
Can Can we just ah Can we just one time? Can we just one time, get something like that? And then and have him look in a mirror and just see himself for the first time. He's too

Dan  1:20:04
drunk to focus when he looks in the mirror. Anyway, also,

Jordan  1:20:08
we're looking at two extremes. This is my dream. This

Dan  1:20:11
is so great. I want to have sex with both music another shot, maybe it'd be three. So but you also get three times as much done right now you picked up on the fact that he was that

Jordan  1:20:21
Bible verse, or that little parable that he tried to paraphrase was bananas. He

Dan  1:20:27
seems to think it was a lottery that Jesus was, yeah, you got nothing but you pitched in a little bit. Big, big, big, big, big, big winner. That's not what

Jordan  1:20:38
it one. It's, it's a bummer that we both instantly know that biblical verse right there. But it like he could not have gotten it more

Dan  1:20:49
wrong. The idea is like riches in heaven and the ideas she had nothing to give, but she's still like such a high priority of the church. And the good works. Her Penny

Jordan  1:21:00
is more valuable than your 1000s of dollars.

Dan  1:21:03
Right? And it's because of what it means to her. Exactly. Alex seems to think that the point of it is but even then

Jordan  1:21:10
that that verse ends with her reward will be in heaven, because I'm paying for shit

Dan  1:21:16
and she'll be there soon.

Jordan  1:21:17
Exactly. Look, that lady cannot afford health care. She needs that Penny so bad. But she's given it to me. So when she dies Oh man. Good stuff. I don't know heavens cool. Yes, I'm bad at being Jesus.

Dan  1:21:35
Even if it's an 1000 to one return rate that's still only 10 bucks that's not

Jordan  1:21:43
what's the exchange rate on heaven bucks

Dan  1:21:47
hopefully it's better than dollar to Euro

Jordan  1:21:49
Well, after Brexit it's a lot less than you might expect.

Dan  1:21:52
He said some more bad things about the church. Good.

Alex Jones  1:21:55
When you buy water filters you're not drinking live estates and all the other chemicals hundreds of you buy X to it changed my life. I know it's real. You buy biotech selenium is game changing thing and you buy heirloom seeds that are non GMO and pollinate you can grow a whole damn forest out of it. Granted, it makes no seeds forever. Everything I do empowers you. But you have actually find that life and the regenerative process of creativity to not be part of the satanic system I realized everything I do has to benefit me and everybody involved.

Jordan  1:22:37
regenerative process of creativity

Dan  1:22:41
or dread or do you mispronounce

Jordan  1:22:43
mispronounced? I apologize? I? what's in parentheses? Si? Si?

Dan  1:22:49
Yeah, the fee? Like I guess it's almost become an old hat for us to play drunk.

Jordan  1:22:56
I like it. I just wish we could see him get more drunk.

Dan  1:23:01
I did because

Jordan  1:23:03
the video does he get more drunk as the as the two hours go along?

Dan  1:23:06
I will Yes. Because he has that cup with him. Okay, I will say this. At the end of it. He looks deflated. Oh, and the last clip I'm going to play is like someone who stayed at a party too long. Like it's that kind of a conversation he's having with Rob due at the end of that. But so this is this next clip coming up. I don't want to spoil anything. But I I will say that I've done some research into what he's talking about. Okay, he is off base. But please don't talk over this because he has to tell a story. Not going to talk at all. All right.

Alex Jones  1:23:39
I was talking to a New York art dealer about a decade ago in New York. Strangely enough, I was at Trump Tower in a penthouse with one of the heirs of a major restaurant chain that had been out on their big yacht drove around New York the day after 911 at a memorial. And I said they were talking about art displays where people would pay $50 million for a skull was was was some rhinestones on it, that somebody would leprosy jacked off on, you know, stuff like that. And I was like, why would you spend $50 million on something so ugly and pathetic and that guy looked at me, he goes, you don't get it. Alex, do you? That's religious. The fact that that $20 million could feed hundreds of 1000s of African starving children. And the fact that they gave it to some weird degenerate artist for a skull with rhinestones I've heard diamonds, a skull may be worth $500. And then they metaphorically gave their seed to death not to a woman to create life. It was worshiping death. It was a death offering a death cult offering have 50 of those $54 million, the newspaper to a Shimon covered skull. And then you understand everything. Oh my god, oh yeah, they go and they pay millions a week for art. And they go back to their pet houses, and they burn it. He was one of the burn and I go because that was money for poor people. Exactly. It's like it's as good as killing a kid killing innocence. If you can take something and then take $50 million you ripped off from stockholders and you can buy a skull covered in disease scene and you can worship that skull that is so Satanic

Alex Jones  1:25:54
and spreading our link spreading our articles. You can google Wall Street's addiction to degenerate art was like a Wall Street Journal article or maybe was it a New Yorker magazine but they make a joke about it.

Dan  1:26:10
So that is

Unknown Speaker  1:26:13
that story is so awesome. A Seaman covered skull.

Dan  1:26:17
Would you like to know what he's talking about?

Jordan  1:26:19
I I kind of don't I just want to live in a world where a semen colored skull or covered skull. A semen colored skull would be good to be fair, most

Dan  1:26:28
girls are seeing the color that's true. Give or take.

Jordan  1:26:31
Not my semen.

Dan  1:26:32
Oh boy. So the I did some research I can find no evidence that semen plays into this at all. Especially leprosy semen. I couldn't even find that on like crazy blogs. Like I was even looking at World News Daily and like Daily Caller, na salacious, fucking talking. So he's talking about this sculpture called for the love of God. And it was created by an artist named Damien Hirst in 2007. I've heard of him. So what he did was he took a skull, I'm very Continental, very. So he took a skull and he made a cast to have it and then made a platinum cast of the skull, right and covered it with 80 601. Actual flawless diamonds. Not Alex Jones's fake diamonds, nope. 80 601 real diamonds.

Rob Dew  1:27:22
Were to get those flaws.

Dan  1:27:24
They were actually he did document that they were ethically sourced. Oh, so they weren't blood diamonds or anything like that?

Jordan  1:27:31
Well, they were semen diamonds, the very different type of diamond,

Dan  1:27:34
the name of the work in case you were thinking it is some sort of religious thing for the love of God being the name of it. Now it's based on a quote from his mom, Damien Hirst, mom would see his art and she would say, for the love of God, what are you going to do next? Right. And so it's a reference to his mom's quote, it has nothing to do necessarily with actual God. Right. So they were their teeth on it that he bought legally, their actual human teeth. And then in the middle from,

Dan  1:28:03
I don't know, Alex Jones is debt possible. And then he also has a giant, I

Jordan  1:28:09
assume, I assume Alex Jones, his dad wears a ring of teeth.

Dan  1:28:12
And there's a giant pink diamond on the forehead. That's sort of the centerpiece of it. If you want to take a look at it. It's right here. That's the that's the for love of God piece

Jordan  1:28:21
that is such a bummer. Kind of it's such a bummer.

Dan  1:28:25
It's a little bit of a bummer, because it is excessive in some ways. It costs 14 million pounds for him to make. Because of all times and platinum. Oh, yeah. And that way. And the job. I thought it was because of the labor the joke of Alex's like, they paid $54 million for a semen covered skull. He couldn't sell it. No, no. Why? Why would you? Yeah, he ended up having to buy it along with a consortium. So he put together a collection of people who bought it, in order for him to get his cost back. So at the end of the day, Damien Hirst ended up essentially breaking even for this piece of art that he made, right. But the interesting thing about this, there's two things that I think are really interesting, and I'm not into art, so I don't know, a whole lot. But when I was looking into it, one of the things was the commentary that people had, like critics have, which is the modern art genre really is publicity, right? publicity and marketing is really one of the most modern art forms. Yes. And so the idea that he was able to use publicity and get people to talk about this thing that he made is really what is more impressive, right? The idea that a lot of people don't know if he has sold it, or who bought it. It gives intrigue and so like, that's one of the things that the art world is really interested in. Right. The second thing is that the art, the for the love of God is considered in the genre of a memento mori Ranch is an art piece that is designed to remind you of your mortality, right? So essentially one of the reviews of it that art historian Rudy fuge observed is The skull is out of this world celestial almost. It proclaims victory over death. At the same time it represents death is something in infinitely more relentless compared to the tearful sadness of Vanitas seen the diamond skull is glory itself. Luck you I know but that's art people talk man. Yeah. So the the idea of it though is kind of interesting in that you have a skull, which is kind of the symbol of death. And then you have attached to it. Platinum and 1000s of real diamond right? And it is sort of it does take the piss out of materialism and money in some ways. It is supposed to have some commentary. Now whether it's successful or not, is another story. I have no idea. I'm not an art critic. Right, but it's not some stupid piece. It is there was a point that he was trying to make. And he is a legitimate artist. He is someone who has put out tons of work.

Jordan  1:30:54
Yeah, yeah. My first reaction to that is Go fuck yourself. Sure.

Dan  1:31:00
It's a waste of diamond. Yeah.

Jordan  1:31:03
Like, like diamonds or something that we need. Oh, no, it's

Dan  1:31:10
but he's, but his whole idea

Jordan  1:31:12
that like also I do think he used semen as glue for those diamonds. I think that's obvious. It's

Unknown Speaker  1:31:17
a great I think everybody knows that. It's great.

Dan  1:31:20
Semen it's a great adhesive. That's gonna be my commercial for the guys are selling just hey,

Jordan  1:31:26
we're putting iodine in it. It's a deep Earth Crystals and deeper. No,

Dan  1:31:30
we lost art. We lost our neighbors. Oh,

Jordan  1:31:32
did we did we do we lose our deep breaths. Even

Dan  1:31:34
ballsy did I gotcha. But the idea the very idea that someone is paying $54 million for this again didn't happen. Nope. But then the idea that they're doing it to deprive kids who they could be saving or whatever is stupid. That's, that's absolutely insane.

Jordan  1:31:50
It is a nonsense argument. It's

Dan  1:31:51
possible. He was on a yacht with someone and they lied to him. Like that's the only

Jordan  1:31:56
it's even more possible. He has never been Nerea and somebody lied to him.

Dan  1:32:01
He was hanging out with little Yachty I'm making more references that I don't understand. That

Jordan  1:32:06
is a modern reference. Right. Okay. Do not appreciate little Yachty. And that is not a control. Not a controversial opinion.

Dan  1:32:13
All right, fair enough. I know nothing about the man. Yeah. But like the also the idea that people go and get art and then burn it. Stupid. That is very stupid. So anyway, that whole thing that entire two minute clip is just Alex, drunkenly talking shit. Yeah, there's nothing there. There's no There's,

Jordan  1:32:33
he's pausing for insane periods of time. And he's just throwing words at the wall. And he's just really what he's doing is just trying to find a way to get into they're killing kids. Right. But beds. His main goal there is to find any way to make rich people be killing kids. Right? And

Dan  1:32:50
we're gonna get to that in a minute. But at the same time, he he needs to do no further work than just saying the art world is decadent. And they're excessive. Yeah. We all agree with that. Yeah, most people agree that the art will but at the same time, even even if you're like, we're super liberal dudes. Right? We're open minded. We would agree with that statement.

Jordan  1:33:13
Yeah, for the most part. I mean, like even your your important artists, who I would say probably like Ai Weiwei, the Chinese artist who is openly Yeah, I can see you making the jerk off symbol, right? No, he's the he's the Chinese artist and activist who is own who's basically fighting the Chinese government. The horribly repressive and stifling Chinese government trying to censor everybody. So what did he make? He he's made a bunch of different stuff. One of the big things that happened though, is he was part of the Chinese Olympics. He was part of the design committee for that. And he was the first person as part of that to come out and say, this is just bullshit propaganda. What I thought it was going to be is very different from from what it wound up being okay. He was imprisoned he was jailed for speaking out against them like sure he is he is one of the artists who is more

Dan  1:34:14
not decadent new.

Jordan  1:34:16
Sure there's regular summary self indulgent bullshit that he's doing but it's still it's still avoidable.

Dan  1:34:22
Yeah, world. Yeah, well, it's

Jordan  1:34:24
art. Yeah.

Dan  1:34:25
So what I mean look at the end of the day, the bottom line is Alex Jones is fucking stupid. But what you can't take away from him is that he's studied Alex Jones Yes, you can has researched and you don't even fucking know what he studied for he'll you want to know what he studied.

Jordan  1:34:40
Kind of don't

Alex Jones  1:34:42
shape when you study black magic, which study public exhibition of what you're doing gives it more power when you do it. So you say oh, we have photos of naked enslaved children on our walls. And we're in the Washington Post promoting our Deviant Art Ah, I love it. Notice the new shed I retracted that Podesta and his family need to be investigated. I never said that. I said the pizza place the media focused on has no evidence of that. And I'll find it and all that they should be left alone because the media focused on them. I never recanted anything I said, I brought up but I said to expose the real stuff, asset. Pause, pause was she I can't hurry, go for those losses. Now we're back in a Machiavellian way, I have to do the right thing. But then realize, Oh, that was God's plan. Well, and I just sit back and I think these people want to be Mattia Valley. They don't even know why they're worshipping a skull that somebody with diseases masturbated on and gave $54 million to McDaniel

Jordan  1:35:51
is fucking I want to know more about him studying Blackmagic Oh, sure. That to me, I just saw him in fucking Hogwarts. No, I think reading the library. I think

Dan  1:36:04
he's read the lyrics of that Santana so so let's just

Jordan  1:36:10
jump again. He's watched the craft and just assumes that's real.

Dan  1:36:12
Let's just jump into this next clip because he already introduced it. This is more talk about the pizza gate stuff. A lot further discussion on

Jordan  1:36:19
there. I knew there was no way that his apology would stick no of course there's no way that his brain would allow that apology to exist and then just move on. It had to have come back to No I apologize but only to know and even then I didn't really apologize that's a work of God.

Dan  1:36:37
Well he mentioned a lawsuit in that last clip we just listened to and he has said the James all font is threatened to sue him. So that's confirmed he has said that as well. He should so that's why should still do but that's why he apologized and retracted that stuff on the air. But now he's spending a bullshit yarn about it and trying to transition it into I am a defender of the children yes and Far be it for me. I would never say that abuse of children isn't a real issue. It's absolutely a real issue. And I support the investigation of it. I don't support what he's doing. But anyway, we'll get to that at another time. This is a just a straight up lie about the situation with pizza gate. Okay.

Alex Jones  1:37:20
I mean, I wonder what's gonna happen I don't know how they can even have a court case she and it was all licking their lips about it though. Oh, Sue Alex shows for saying pedophilia exist or whatever. A certain people so crunk, they take like I made retractions. Because the media started focusing and then we jumped on it. People that we can't prove stuff going on with and then made up bullshit about you know, basements and all this that wasn't true then I saw I was like, What the hell before I was ever contacted anything I won't get like a What the hell is this? Whoa.

Dan  1:37:54
But oh shit. I have to pause because I want to I want to let his words play. But then also the contacting what he's talking about is James Elephanta. Letter. Yeah. threatening a lawsuit. Yeah.

Alex Jones  1:38:05
That's not we'll Oh, well, it's on the news. And I say I don't care if it's on CNN. It's bullshit. Take it down. Oh, fuck, that's a honeypot. My gut knew it was horseshit.

Dan  1:38:18
So his gut knew that it was Russia. That was

Jordan  1:38:20
a honeypot. That's his trick. I'd like that it was planted there in order to trick Alex Jones to publicizing it

Dan  1:38:29
or just everybody and to publicize in order to get heat off of the real pedophiles who are elaborately running around in the government and what have you. Of course,

Jordan  1:38:38
of course not if we if you distract everybody by faking the fact that it's not happening at one place that discredits you, so that gives them cover to continue pedophiles all over the place.

Dan  1:38:52
I want to be clear, I was watching Pizzagate happen from day one cruising conspiracy blogs can on these forums.

Jordan  1:39:02
I watched it developing no cruising was made for love.

Dan  1:39:05
I love it when we're cruising conspiracy blogs. But I when we're cruising together, I watched it develop from the kernel of an idea ah, to about four months ago or so it was when I was like, I'm done with this bullshit. Yeah, this is this is insane. Yeah. And the whole time it was all about the pizza place. Yeah, everything was about a pizza place. Yep. I watched Alex's videos on it, which he has now deleted of all that. And the way he's presenting his position on it is a complete lie.

Jordan  1:39:35
So as long as you don't have any evidence of you doing exactly what you're doing,

Dan  1:39:39
I'd like to give a shout out to one of our friends on Twitter out blinker. Oh, yeah, he sent me a little link. Media Matters has a copy of one of the videos that Alex Jones deleted about. Let's listen to a little bit of it now.

Jordan  1:39:54
Oh, you're so good. Thank you out blinker.

Alex Jones  1:40:00
Oh, enjoy hurting innocents and sucking lifeforce out of it. As all the wives tale all the old, all the legends tell us about evil people as they go after our children and in history shows that every major elite in history wants you to became corrupt, shut up a priesthood, the sacrifice children to dark gods. And that is still going on today. Yep. Now, I want to be clear that everybody in the WikiLeaks is involved in this clearly, you have to go investigate it for yourself, but I will.

Dan  1:40:33
Before before he even gets into it, I just want to say I've read all the wiki leaks that are relevant to pizza gate, core, all this stuff, I've read all the Podesta emails, what he is saying the quotes and the this is not in there, not even keyless. He hasn't read them at all, I

Jordan  1:40:52
am fan of how Wikileaks has basically gone from hero to villain on all sides of the spectrum like of political opinions. Every single time somebody mentions WikiLeaks, you can almost guarantee six from six months from now, they will mention WikiLeaks in the exact opposite opinion about

Dan  1:41:12
at the same time, almost everybody will say if you mention them exactly at any point exactly. Yeah. 85% of the public and I don't want to deal with you. He's going to reference a couple of these emails. And the way he characterizes them makes it clear that he hasn't read them. Someone has just told him about them, and he has embellished upon them.

Jordan  1:41:34
Can't imagine our Alex doing that. Not at all, this must be a very different Alex

Alex Jones  1:41:39
mooring you this story that's been the biggest thing on the internet for several weeks. pizza gate, as it's called, is a rabbit hole that it's horrifying to go down. Now. If you're a radio listener, this is a powerful video, but

Dan  1:41:53
I want to also be clear at this point in the pizza gates existence. 100% of it was about James L. Fontas. Yeah, 100% of it was about Clinton. Podesta. olifant. Is the basement of Comet Ping Pong. Yeah, that's what the entire investigation was about. It was about James all fantasy, his Instagram page and weird things that had been posted. Shit like that. It was the dumbest speculation ever. So the idea that Alex can claim we're covering this but we weren't talking about the pizza place. Right? That was a honey trap we weren't going to fall for that is ludicrous. Oh, absolutely. Well, let's let him play himself out.

Alex Jones  1:42:32
I've had it reposted. Because again, he finished it. I guess on Wednesday, I went out Thursday on the nightly news that was taped the day before.

Dan  1:42:40
He's talking about Joe Biggs video that he made about pizza gate and then he got fired

Jordan  1:42:44
two weeks bullshit bullshit video. Yeah.

Alex Jones  1:42:46
This is on infowars.com pizza gate is real. only question is, what exactly is it? Because I'd said Man, I hope this is drug dealing code word or something. Or you know, maybe they got the wrong manual because this is the FBI says this is this is pedophilia manuals. They didn't. These are the terms they use and the here's the New York Times They Are fake news onslaught targets pizzeria as nest of child traffickers. Hey, I don't know why the pizzeria and the one down the street have symbols the FBI dossier? I don't know why there's devil worship part of the walls. I don't know why it's connected to Podesta. I don't know why they got rock singers. They're talking about, you know, meaning going out for kids or whatever. This is what's going on though. And so maybe it's just some genre they picked up they don't know what they're involved in. I'm not accusing him of anything. The little man, it's not like they look like little picky people or anything. Oh, no, not like they fit all the cliches or anything like that. It just stop. There are nice people to me. But the point is, is that this is tied into Podesta with 1000s of emails with we're gonna have the six year old, the seven year old and eight year old in the hot tub for your entertainment out of the Ranch House. They can be a little persnickety, but they are also willing and enjoy it.

Dan  1:44:03
None of that was in the email that he referenced, that that Podesta email was just someone who said that, you know, we're going to have these three kids over. So you there'll be there for entertainers, you won't be not entertained, essentially. They're good kids. It's essentially being like, hey, they're kids of this age. They're a fucking handful. Good luck. Yeah. And they mentioned a hot tub because he has one that they're gonna be in that pool. We've been Oh, they're gonna be in that pool. Well, yeah, that's what my parents would say. If I was going to someone's house in the fucking pool. Like Dan, you're not gonna be able to talk him out of getting out in that pool, right? There's no way. But he's like, Oh, they're persnickety, but they're willing. That's all Alex Jones fetishizing editorializing, he is not that's not based in reality at all. That is him. And he's already clearly invalidated. His own thing was like we didn't investigate the pizza place. Right. He's already done it. Two minutes into this clip, right. He's already been shown to be a liar? Yeah, it gets worse. Well, he's

Jordan  1:45:03
a lemony persnickety, a series of unfortunate events. There we go.

Alex Jones  1:45:07
And then there's 1000s of these year reading and going, what the hell is this? And he start reading it. There's 1000s and 1000s and 1000s. And you know, there are 1000s

Jordan  1:45:17
Drunk there to Canada. That does not sound good.

Dan  1:45:23
To realize that he might always be, he might always be drunk, but there's like, there are 1000s of emails that got leaked. Emails, where most of them have nothing to do with even the fake code, or the fake pedophile code. It No,

Jordan  1:45:38
it's, this is all nonsense. If you want to if you want to debunk pizza gate, I don't. Everywhere I'm talking, I'm talking not specifically to you. I'm talking to everybody who's like, I don't know about pizza gate, fucking google it, and you can find all the bullshit and how it

Dan  1:45:54
works. The important point that I want to make is that Alex's position about what he reported and stuff is a total lie. Absolutely alive. Let's get a little deeper.

Alex Jones  1:46:04
Shot real bad. Oh, I'll see you at the feast tonight. Oh, we'll have lots of blood and semen. Oh, good. That is good. And then they had like Time Magazine worshipping this high priestess that we have for weeks poster about that news. All this PR like, oh, we'll show them. They're attacking our high priestesses. We'll just put them in the news better. Like we're all upstanding and out in the open and good people.

Dan  1:46:27
It's talking about Marina Abramovich Oh, okay. formance. Artist, Lynn. She's the Julian crusted skull of performance art. You know, like, she's, she's the same sort of thing. She's an artist.

Jordan  1:46:40
That's my new reference now. Oh, he's the Julian crusted skull of pizza makers.

Dan  1:46:47
Like, you know what I mean? It's like, if you want to attack an artist, by trying to pretend that their art is literal, you're 100% missing the point.

Jordan  1:46:56
We've already established that he has no distinction between the world of art and the world of reality fiction

Dan  1:47:04
and reality. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:47:06
He has no concept literal and metaphor. Yeah,

Jordan  1:47:08
exactly. So of course, it's so to him. Any kind of art? Is 100% literal. So it has to be

Dan  1:47:16
and suspect and suspect everything is easy.

Jordan  1:47:21
It? Well, I'll tell you what, art is not Americana. No. Cars are Americana.

Dan  1:47:25
Damn right. Especially Ferraris that are made in Italy.

Alex Jones  1:47:28
Look, I've been careful about all this. This is lawsuit city. I don't know what the hell's going on with these people. He

Jordan  1:47:33
was right. He was right on last week.

Alex Jones  1:47:37
He does it privately. But he harassed me anything Reddit accounts. I mean, I know real battlemat worship when I see it, but who doesn't 1000s of emails, I'm not ready to accuse these people of this. It's up to you to research it for yourself. But you got to go to infowars.com and actually see the photos and videos inside these places. You've got to see their menus. You've got to see it all ladies. So you just said

Jordan  1:48:01
in the clip from go to info wars.com, where we have posted all of this information

Dan  1:48:07
about the specific pizza places specific

Jordan  1:48:10
pizza places, what's on their menu on the people on

Dan  1:48:14
the special on the clip we just played from the March 30. Yeah, what we're talking about in this episode, he talked about how when he saw these menus, like this is fake. Yeah. On this clip, very much real. We posted it as news. Yeah, on our site, you got to see this.

Jordan  1:48:30
He does kind of say decide for yourself. Right. But that's

Dan  1:48:34
knows it's Yeah, and it is lawsuit city. He's dancing around. But I don't think he did a good enough job. He's very overt and is like, I don't want to get sued. Right. But he's still

Jordan  1:48:45
you know that. You know that when you do something where you could get sued. Just saying like, I don't want to get sued is not a defense. No. Wait, hey, all I'm saying is that Donald Trump has murdered 6000 people. Now I don't want to get sued for libel, or lying about somebody. I'm just saying, I've posted all of that information on knowledge. fight.com

Dan  1:49:13
We gotta delete this episode. Oh, no, no, I'm gonna I'm gonna give you a different example. Alex Jones has paid for multiple abortions. I don't care if you sue me.

Jordan  1:49:23
I don't want to get sued. Fuck you

Unknown Speaker  1:49:26
know why? Because he said he's paid for multiple abortions. Yes, exactly.

Dan  1:49:29
All right. So I got it. Yeah, I can I can whatever we say I can back up with documentation or Alex Jones his own

Unknown Speaker  1:49:37
word. So

Jordan  1:49:38
what you're saying is that we have never gone to lawsuit city.

Dan  1:49:41
No. Nor will we ever know. Also, our DMS are open. You want to come and try and fuck with me. Get at me. Fuck you.

Jordan  1:49:49
I love defensive

Dan  1:49:52
that's to Alex Jones. Okay.

Alex Jones  1:49:57
And then you got to see the FBI law enforcement manuals. Sure. In the code words that are used, and by the way, I didn't used to believe this. I went to the FBI site. I went, looked it all up. And he didn't people ask well, why don't show this earlier? We were on it from the beginning. We've been on it the last couple of weeks since the election, but we're fighting on hundreds of fronts here. Let's go ahead and go to the report. pizza gate is real. The question is, how real is it? What is it something's going on? Something's being covered up. It needs to be investigated. You just call it fake news. These are real WikiLeaks. This is real stuff going on. Here. It is.

John Bound  1:50:28
A warning to viewers the following images are disturbing. This all began. WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange released hundreds of 1000s of secret documents.

Dan  1:50:39
I'm not gonna play all of this. This is a guy named John bound.

Jordan  1:50:42
He's just a voiceover contractor.

Dan  1:50:45
He's a guy like Mark Dice, he makes videos and Alex Jones post. Oh, okay.

Jordan  1:50:48
Because he sounds like he's got a pretty solid voiceover voice.

Dan  1:50:51
Not as good as this guy.

Jordan  1:50:53
No, absolutely not. I could see him just being like a, like a studio musician kind of thing where it's like, hey, we need some quick voice over send it over to this guy. And he'll record whatever you say.

Dan  1:51:03
He's sitting around halfway in a bottle. Yeah, exactly.

Jordan  1:51:05
All right, John,

Dan  1:51:07
get in there. I don't want to play the whole thing. Because it's like a

Jordan  1:51:10
world where people eat pizza. What did they do underneath that pizza?

Dan  1:51:16
Actually, I do want to play this whole thing. Are you alright with it? I guess it's like another five minutes or so I want to land just to illustrate that they did not. They had no radar. They were tricked by all of these things that are horribly debunked now at this point, right. And like, Sure, this is John Baum saying these things. It's not Alex Jones saying Yeah, but he's giving it

Unknown Speaker  1:51:39
a platform. Exactly. You gotta give him that. Yep.

John Bound  1:51:41
tailing backstabbing Clinton Foundation. But it now appears the real truth Assange was leading us to was hidden between the Blurred Lines of Hillary Clinton's campaign manager John Podesta is released emails fast forward past John Podesta is Brother Tony's casual email exchange with the Olympic spirit cooking at here at Marina aberdovey. Needed verification that high level Washington DC predatory pedophiles were

Dan  1:52:12
it's like he has the tone. It doesn't have a credit Tory packed up. He has a good voice but

Jordan  1:52:19
No, he doesn't know how to read.

Dan  1:52:20
Yeah, that's I mean, maybe that's the problem with number one involvement in Tours. They're all illiterate.

Jordan  1:52:25
Maybe Maybe he's got a little earpiece and he just says the word after the voice in his head would be so hard that it would be very hard the view bad system it's a bad system. It's been done before though that job down get it together

John Bound  1:52:38
using a code

Jordan  1:52:41
if you want to come

John Bound  1:52:43
back powering an FBI unclassified document from WikiLeaks revealed symbols and logos used by pedophiles to identify sexual preferences to include those who sexually abused children as well as those who produce distribute and trade child pornography are using various types of identification logos or symbols to recognize one another and distinguish their sexual preferences and so they have badges

Dan  1:53:11
it's it's I mean, the way that everyone on the blogs would talk about it all the conspiracy sites are talking about like gays used to have different colored handkerchiefs to indicate what they were into that sort of thing. So they're like little symbols for like I'm into little girls, little boys or whatever

Jordan  1:53:27
such the ring of made up bullshit to it. Right? That's to me, I you say?

Dan  1:53:33
You know, what has the ring of what? John Hodgman is hobo symbols? Yeah,

Jordan  1:53:37
yeah, yeah, you're right. I hear two in my head. I hear exactly the same thing. Like do you remember? The like local news panic where it's like, Oh, your teens are having rainbow lipstick part.

Jordan  1:53:52
Yeah, like what the fuck are you taught? No one's ever done that no

Jordan  1:53:55
one has ever done that. No,

Dan  1:53:56
no, no, it's made it the same with any youthful like sexual Yeah.

Jordan  1:54:02
Now it's all it's all like children are probably having better sex than you it's the be afraid

Dan  1:54:09
the bad version of folklore in some way. Yeah, no, it's it's but what I want to get to is these symbols are basically like one of them is a swirl. Like a LIKE, Would it be a spiral? Yeah, but everything that instead of a spiral, but it's not circular. It's triangular. Whoa. And so one of the best pizza their logo is like sort of a triangular swoosh thing. And they're like, why would it be this all right. I don't know slices of pizza or triangular? Yeah, no, I don't know what the fuck you're trying to make.

Jordan  1:54:42
Why is the fucking Washington football team's logo a goddamn racist bullshit. Little picture there will also everybody's

Dan  1:54:52
another one of these symbols is like a butterfly kind of thing. Right? So it's kind of cute. So it's got two big wings up top and two small wings at the bottom. And there's a picture in common ping pongs menu. That is two ping pong paddles that are crossed, and it looks not at all like a butterfly in the sense that the paddles make the big top wings and the handles make too if you're really willing to stretch for it wow small wings That's fucking proof that is insane. And that's the video that's playing behind John bounds report is sorts of like things.

Jordan  1:55:32
Yeah, so splitscreen Gotcha.

John Bound  1:55:36
vestigators should also be attentive to pedophilia symbols advertised on websites during examinations of computer files. Investigators should be conscious of subjects who try to conceal child pornography by labeling them with symbols instead of typical suggestive explicit names. The interest in cohorts now clues the menu from Comet Ping Pong, notice the symbol of the ping pong paddles and its clever resemblance

Jordan  1:56:06
to the knot instantly realized this is bullshit when you're calling it Comet Ping Pong pizza. Well, you know what kind of what kind of idiotic bullshit. Are you wearing?

Dan  1:56:17
A place where their legitimate business plan is? Hey, we got ping pong paddles. Yeah, we got ping pong tables.

Jordan  1:56:24
That's what is wrong with you, idiots. You people so much. Okay, not you our listeners. I'm speaking to Alex Jones and John Baum and John Baum.

Dan  1:56:33
I don't know speaking. I don't know if it's south. I don't know if it's Bau M or bound.

Jordan  1:56:38
I have no idea. Okay. Yeah, it doesn't matter. He's never gonna make it on.

Dan  1:56:42
He gets more like he legitimately just fucking goes hard. At the pizza place. Yeah, just brings up images that are debunked as having any meaning. Even stuff that James elephantitis has addressed himself and been like, oh, yeah, that picture of a young girl with her hands taped to a table. That was my niece. Yep. Are those my god daughter? They were playing around. Her sister taped her to the table and we thought it was funny. You know, like, how things are funny how relatives can have jokes. Yeah, that's like that. It's like doing

Jordan  1:57:20
it's such an example of that kind of mass psychosis that is built into certain human beings like, just like, the fucking Salem witch trials where it's just like, out of nowhere, people like it's fucking witches kill them all. I don't know. I don't know. We're just insane. We're afraid we're afraid. So we have to find something to zero in on and ruin everybody.

Dan  1:57:40
I recently actually studied the Salem witch trial a little bit. And it's actually it's kind of interesting. It is interesting how like economic forces were kind of involved. Yeah,

Jordan  1:57:49
yeah. Well, what's what I love about it is when it stopped everybody just went oh, we're never talked about this again. This was dumb.

Dan  1:57:59
Yeah. Oh, we should have burned those books. So future generations wouldn't know about this yet.

Jordan  1:58:02
had not done that. Let's all just let's just move on. So anyway,

Dan  1:58:06
he's very clearly going at Comet Ping Pong. Yes, just John bounds report, I think is legally actionable. Quite frankly,

Jordan  1:58:16
John bounce should be fucking Trump on

Dan  1:58:19
might not be a real person. It could be a voice this could be an automated voice.

Jordan  1:58:24
That actually makes sense John Brown could be a robot this could be Siri.

Dan  1:58:28
Yeah, then Alex could be hiding behind John bound as like hey, it's another person who makes these reports.

Jordan  1:58:34
All right. I think we're going a little bit anyway. I want to play

Dan  1:58:37
this I want to play just

Jordan  1:58:39
fire with more conspiracy fire. Well, that seems

Dan  1:58:42
to be the theme of this but it does seem to be I wanted to play the end of it so we can get Alex's response to the report because we can cut out like four minutes of this bullshit. Yeah, this is gonna go to the

John Bound  1:58:53
National Center for Missing and Exploited Children and the FBI. 460,699 children went missing in 2015 that

Dan  1:59:02
that's that's real, but that doesn't relate. No to this pizza place.

Jordan  1:59:06
Well, that pizza place it counts for all of them. Probably. That makes sense because they

Dan  1:59:10
want the Adrenochrome we went over this in a past episode.

John Bound  1:59:13
Fucking. We know Mr. elephantitis. This isn't a witch hunt. And it isn't an attack from fake news that your boyfriend David Brock, founder of Media Matters would have a solid nor either you are the unlucky victim of a fake news onslaught due to your own poorly initiated publicity or a decades old pedophile ring operating in the power hoarding shadows of Washington DC is about to be opened from your front door John Baum for infowars.com with

Alex Jones  1:59:46
Trump one Hillary stole five states was ordered to stand down by the intelligence agencies or everything else to come out on this radio listener. You're lucky you didn't actually see the video the art they tweet. And Facebook is of children being murdered. cut in pieces and right by men with giant genitalia. It's not.

Jordan  2:00:04
So also I don't think the size of the genital area matters in this particular situation.

Alex Jones  2:00:09
So I don't know anymore. But that's what they're pushing for. They got hanging up in there, and it's what they're doing. And I can't go out to investigate it myself. We've had reporters that have been there, they say it's really creepy because I don't have the self control be around these top people. You want us to cover pizza gate, we have covered it, we are covering it. And all I know is God help us we're in the hands of pure evil. We'll be right back. I'm Alex Jones. infowars.com.

Dan  2:00:36
So yeah, there you go. That's, I mean, that's absolute 100% evidence that his narrative of what he covered is a lie. And that's not even the worst. I can't find still the clip, where I very directly remember him talking about how someone should go check it out. Yeah, absolutely. Like, I'm sure he's drunk and scrub the internet of that one.

Jordan  2:00:58
It's it's somewhere. Yeah, it's probably in the WikiLeaks. Yeah, probably in the same WikiLeaks that they use that from was also like, I met Alex Jones is gonna fall for this bullshit. So

Dan  2:01:08
if anybody anybody has any more hot tips on those pizza gate videos that Alex made, I'd appreciate it because I'd like to be able to, like I'd like you to prove these things that I need to be true.

Jordan  2:01:17
I recommend that somebody goes to Alex Jones. No, please don't. No, no, I don't want to get sued

Dan  2:01:24
now. So anyway, we'll get more into again, I want to be totally clear. The abuse of children is very real is a problem.

Jordan  2:01:32
Yeah, and this is this is bullshit exploitative nonsense. 100 drums up your legitimate fear and redirects it away from something that matters for political

Dan  2:01:43
point. Bullshit. Yes. And it's only to make money and to demonize opponents. It's It's pathetic. And I resent it, but I also resent the rest of Alex's drunk ramblings. Let's get back into it. Let's

Jordan  2:01:57
get back into some good old drunk and ramble. This is where things take

Dan  2:02:01
a turn for the racist.

Alex Jones  2:02:05
It's like these people that are weasels think that I sit here and open myself up to attack. Because I'm weak. It's the opposite. It's because I'm real. And I want the return of real people

Jordan  2:02:23
is the opposite of bluejay. Somebody else? Also you want there are those are those the spectrum? It's either weak or real. Also, maybe because

Dan  2:02:31
it's WrestleMania weekend. I'm getting into shoot promo mode. And Alex, you want real people? We're right here. We are not funded by anybody.

Unknown Speaker  2:02:40
No, we are really not funded by Ed and we both have day jobs. Oh, yeah.

Dan  2:02:44
We are creative types. Neither of us are beholden to the Democratic Party. Well, we're thinkers

Jordan  2:02:51
as you know, so you regenitive The regenerative power of creativity. Sure. It's keeping away from is keeping us away from Satanism. Sure.

Dan  2:02:59
And we're right here real people Alex bring it if you really want some

Jordan  2:03:04
Come get some Yeah, come after us in our please don't are bad at wrestling. Although that character would be awesome in the bad guy. Yeah. Hold on. Wait, you know what? Changed my mind.

Dan  2:03:24
I thought better of this.

Jordan  2:03:25
Mr. Austin. I would prefer if you did not Stone Cold may Steven Steven Steven. Steven Steven. calming down. I only want you to drink one of those PVR. Steven,

Dan  2:03:36
we are coworkers. I do mean sincerely though. The idea of fame thrown out the window immediately. I am I am 100% confident that we're I to get into a conversation with Alex. I mean, I couldn't handle his yelling and all that stuff. But a cake cupcake. I couldn't handle that cake but I don't I don't play it. Roleplay Oh, no, no, I don't do I do it in my head enough. Okay. Oh, I believe you on our website knowledge white.com And throughout the podcast, I think we have compiled enough evidence more than enough that if I were to ever talk to him, I could just be like, Oh, well what about what about this? And I could quite clearly illustrate that he is a liar.

Jordan  2:04:19
Dude, I don't want you to wind up in a coma. Alex we know he's put people in comas before it multiple Admittedly, I bet you'd get some great teeth from his dad. Once he knocks your teeth out you're gonna get even better ones. I considered that.

Dan  2:04:32
I'd like the teeth from the for love of God. Statue. Anyway, here we go. This is where it gets racist

Alex Jones  2:04:39
nominee and this is Cruz gotta go see their families. I appreciate Marcos Morales and Rob doing the rest of Caribbean or

Jordan  2:04:45
is this where Rob do is in the corner? Not yet.

Alex Jones  2:04:50
The left tells you all day how much they care about you. When they're the ones that want eugenics and death of humanity. I don't care what color there's Ken is

Jordan  2:05:00
and this is where he cares

Alex Jones  2:05:01
where you came from. This is fundamental to everybody. If you got good music, I'm gonna listen to your music whether you're white while you're an albino whether you're from Mexico, or whether you're African

Jordan  2:05:16
really less white that's how he sees the world. Right?

Alex Jones  2:05:21
If you've got good food I've gone in restaurants, um, by ethnic groups. Whoa, that clearly are racist against white people. That's obvious. So damn good. And he's awesome. Sorry, I just want you want food. I don't need to.

Dan  2:05:42
I think at this point, he's hungry. Can we?

Unknown Speaker  2:05:46
I think I think I think he's at the point of

Jordan  2:05:50
like, I've gone into restaurants. I've gotten into Thai places got awesome. I love I love Thai food. Oh my god. Thai food. Rob, dude,

Dan  2:05:59
do you have a burrito? do damage do give me a breed? Do I need to get some food on this robbery? Do

Jordan  2:06:05
I? Get it Rob? Do I want I want? I want your burrito.

Dan  2:06:10
This is where he lashes out a little bit. Of course,

Alex Jones  2:06:14
sit here and tell you that I'm not racist to prove myself to you. Everything I do is about the people. Because I I'm not a sociopath or a psychopath. I know metaphysically as had proven with mathematics and everything that I'm connected to everybody. Does that mean if they brainwash a bunch of Chinese being brought in on more than Latin Americans to hate America, and to hate white people? I gotta stand against it. The Chinese are one of the most racist insular groups, there are. Chinese it's a fact.

Jordan  2:06:54
There we go. All right. All right.

Dan  2:06:57
I think that you and I might believe that generalizing a group of people based on their race, I can't imagine is maybe the definition of racist. I don't know where you're going with this.

Jordan  2:07:07
I think that you're going to need a backup. Backup this with evidence, my friend, I think fundamentally, what's the definition of racism? Let's look it up right now. Is it generalizing a group of people based on race?

Dan  2:07:18
I think that that's, I mean, prejudice is certainly wrapped up in that. I mean, let's see. Let's see what the formal definition of racist is.

Jordan  2:07:25
Is it just a picture of Alex Jones? Oh, man, oh, man. It's actually a picture of Comet Ping Pong.

Dan  2:07:31
A person who shows or feels discrimination or prejudice that would go against people of other races or who believes that a particular race is superior to others? Hmm. So I mean, he shows discrimination certainly in the sense that he discriminates against groups of people and I'm in certainly, so I don't know. He definitely seems to be very concerned with the white white race. So I

Jordan  2:07:56
don't care if you're white. Or albino. That was funny. That was funny. That was really why did you go to albino

Unknown Speaker  2:08:04
care of your albino

Dan  2:08:05
he's trying to come up with

Jordan  2:08:06
Hey, listen, that was I'm gonna back him up on this one. I also don't care if you're all buying I love

Dan  2:08:12
brother Ali. He's a great rapper. You're on the albino musician. I can come on listen

Jordan  2:08:17
if you have a

Dan  2:08:20
Alright, anyway, I can't do this anymore. No, but you know you can do listen to him dive deeper into his prejudiced whole good.

Alex Jones  2:08:30
I don't dislike Muslims, because they've got brown skin. A lot of them. I dislike them because they're always killing each other. And you were telling them to the bomb makers want to bomb somebody. I get that. I'm on it. I'm up for these wars either, but man did Saudi Arabia is a hell, man. It's like the worst. There ain't no rock and roll radio their baby. You know what I mean? You want to bet you about oh, rock and roll in America in the 50s Some Christians got mad. Yeah. In Saudi Arabia, they'll kill you. If you get caught with shouldn't rock and roll if you're gay. You're dead.

Dan  2:08:59
So I mean,

Jordan  2:09:01
first of all, they don't have any rock and roll their baby. That's funny, baby. That's me. God, no rock and roll. That's drunk. Listen, in the 50s Christians were against rock and roll so Footloose. Oh, yeah. You know what? Saudi Arabia just the whole country John Lithgow us.

Dan  2:09:21
Yeah, absolutely. So I mean, but like when we go back to this President

Jordan  2:09:25
country from the sun everybody knows this. Everybody knows this.

Dan  2:09:28
We go back to this prejudice idea. It's that idea of like I don't dislike Muslims because they're brown I dislike them because they kill each other. Every justice bad

Jordan  2:09:36
every justice. Every time he says I don't dislike people basically. He is exactly the old racist. Yeah, listen, I'm not racist, but it's that if every single fucking day you

Dan  2:09:49
know what it is it's I'm not racist because the reasons you think

Jordan  2:09:55
I'm racist in my whole different world.

Dan  2:09:57
I'm racist because of the true reasons that I have. The facts that I have led Muslims keep on killing each other, but also we keep bombing them and nobody know I'm on. Yeah.

Jordan  2:10:09
That was a weird little that was again, the weird little Goodwin being like, listen, I know we're killing them. And we're a big cause of them. And the bomb makers that I love and support so much. They got a bomb people, so maybe they need a scapegoat. And maybe I'm the one who provides that scapegoat to listen.

Dan  2:10:26
But that says, That's not much. That's him being drunk and not being able to figure out exactly like, where is the line that I draw? Like, where am I undefensible? Like, if I just say that Muslims keep killing each other. In the morning when I wake up? Am I going to have to like wrestle with you know, what, everyone knows that I know more about this than I was letting on. That's what I think is going on. And that's why he brings up on or we bomb them. And that's why I think he brings that clarification. Do you think so? Yeah, but it only leads to more problems. Much in the case whenever you're really drunk and you over explain yourself. It only

Jordan  2:11:00
gets worse. He provides way more details than he needed to there.

Dan  2:11:03
Yeah, well, here's where it gets into trans people best

Jordan  2:11:05
part of weekend is hate Muslims everywhere

Dan  2:11:10
and trans.

Alex Jones  2:11:12
I don't care if you're some guide think you're a woman. You're into that. What the hell I don't have to get you. But I shouldn't have to sit here and explain that to you. And then say, by the way, leave my five year old alone. Keep your hands on my five year old don't teach them about sex. I'm not hearing about that when they ask when they're 12 years old. I'm gonna end this broadcast again. Great job

Dan  2:11:45
suppose it parting shot?

Jordan  2:11:47
Oh God. Yes. I

Dan  2:11:48
got nothing against trans people. But don't fucking molest my kids. molesting trans people.

Jordan  2:11:53
Listen, I gotta go. Somebody just shouted at me from the corner. I don't think I was supposed to say

Dan  2:11:57
that. It's clear that his staff wants to leave. Oh, God. They're just like they thought it was going to end when Roger Stone left. Oh, do they think so? They're like, Oh, you just so drunk. And he's rambling

Jordan  2:12:10
though. So there's no way there's no way that everybody? Also

Dan  2:12:15
this isn't over. It's not? No.

Unknown Speaker  2:12:17
He just said he's got to get out of here. He doesn't. Okay, that's what you do when you're drunk.

Jordan  2:12:23
That's exactly hey, look, I got one more thing to say.

Dan  2:12:26
I mean, it's like what happened after our last podcast? I was pretty drunk. It was like Jordan, keep hanging. Want to talk some more? Ya know? And that was fun. Yeah, we're friends. Yeah, this is? Yeah,

Jordan  2:12:36
we are not strangers broadcasting to millions of faces. Alex, maker, staff stick around. I apologize. Let me back off. At least hundreds of people. Yeah.

Dan  2:12:47
So also, I want to say this, Alex, you're a fucking asshole and an idiot and have no understanding of the trans community and or the Muslim community for that matter? Nope. And you

Jordan  2:12:57
basically know, frankly, I don't think he understands communities, its period. I don't think he understands people.

Dan  2:13:03
It's degrading the way you speak about people. And you should be ashamed of yourself. Especially considering that you're doing this drunk on the air. You're a fucking monster. And I'd like to say that we're not all that great. We're just evolved. We just understand we're not great people who doesn't understand people a little bit. So we're gonna we're gonna get to this next clip. We're coming we're coming towards. I'm going to be perfectly honest with you. We're not coming towards the end of this. Wow. But there's probably a half a half hour left of his show. No, yeah, he just tried to get out. I gotta be honest. I wanted to play you the entire thing. After Roger Stone leaves, it's just such scatterbrain nonsense. It's this pizza gate. It's a skull covered in Jews, right misunderstanding scripture, racism, racism, Islamophobia. transphobia. And now my friend we are going to get into anti semitism.

Alex Jones  2:14:04
Today I get worried. Well, I just turn your mic off because I can't hear and I get up this morning. The headline, Alex Jones shares the Jewish mafia runs the world. And I went No, I said there's an Italian Mafia Mexican Mafia. Dixie mafia is horrible. The most powerful mafia is they don't call the mafia. I mean, in the south there is why mafia Let's not lie about it.

Jordan  2:14:24
And a white mafia.

Alex Jones  2:14:27
I go yeah, there's a Jewish mafia and George Soros was part of it. And then they work with the Nazis that books have been written on that. They said I said, Jews are evil. What the hell again? It's like, they say I don't like Hispanics. I mean, it's just it's crazy. I mean, like I basically am Hispanic and the food I eat. I think Hispanic women are very beautiful. women out there. It's like, it's like who I am doesn't even have a currency. These assholes lie about who I am all day long. And it pisses me off.

Dan  2:15:03
pisses me off. I don't look, I don't I'm not here to say that Alex Jones hates all Jews, but he does fall into a lot of anti semitic great food. I mean, let's just talk Those are great. No, they're not. But he falls into a lot of anti semitic canards. And one of the big ones is this idea that there was this group of crypto Jews that were working behind the scenes and helping with the Holocaust. And his idea of that, I mean, you can go to our website, I wrote an article about this. Yeah. We've talked about Soros about the idea that he was working with Nazis. Yeah. It's absurd. He was 13 years old at the time, and wasn't doing anything. He was scared for his life. So anyway,

Jordan  2:15:48
that sounds like somebody you know, like, if you were Jewish, and the Nazis were killing you.

Dan  2:15:52
There's like that is anti symmetric, but it is just on its face. It's also racist. up like, I might as well be Mexican, because I eat a lot of Mexican fellow tacos and their women are beautiful. That makes perfect sense. That's horrible. be racist.

Jordan  2:16:08
That can't be racist. That's so fun. Nope. Nope, can't be racist. If you eat all their food and like they're women. That's just a fact. But the fact is, I eat a lot of sushi. And I'm really into anime. I love Japanese women. I just don't think they should be people. Anyways.

Dan  2:16:26
The idea that he uses the tacos and Mexican women as evidence that he is not racist. To support his idea that like I didn't say anything bad about Jews, means you said some bad shit about like, just just logically speaking. Yeah, if that is your analog, you're fucked. You have no leg to stand on? Nope. So he gets worse. He talks a little bit more about this.

Alex Jones  2:16:49
They know they're fake news. So they call us fake news. And they fully committed I've studied history Rob I don't think they get out of this.

Rob Dew  2:16:58
I don't know what they're gonna do after this I'm I'm befuddled at this point because I thought I had seen it

Rob Dew  2:17:07
they're just keep making stuff up next thing you know it's like the Jewish mafia thing this morning Jews ruled the world he didn't say that. When you said the Jews thing or when even said the word Jew on the show they were going to take that out of context that's ridiculous.

Dan  2:17:26
It's not new the the like, like I've said we will eventually do like the episode we did about Dennis Montgomery. Yes, we will do an episode like that about the Protocols of the Elders of Zion. At some point I will lay out exactly how this false narrative shit ton of research and I've done most of it already, but I'm going to

Jordan  2:17:45
admire you and wonder why it is I'm here.

Dan  2:17:49
You're here for a reason. The the the ideas like the Jews anyways, the idea that Alex doesn't understand that all of his sort of ideas about the globalist cabal, all of that is built from the foundation of anti semitism right fact that he pretends he doesn't understand that is ludicrous, right? He has to kind of be aware of that. And then on top of that, this idea that there is a Jewish mafia and George Soros is involved with it, and they were really responsible for the Holocaust. And as he's gotten into in the last week or so, there weren't it wasn't on this episode, but we will eventually address it. He has been starting to spout some revisionist history about the Holocaust. That makes me super uncomfortable and a lot of ideas about these globalists set up Hitler like kind of things like they propped him up and they were making him do the things

Jordan  2:18:40
well, I will I will say this there is nothing quite so Americana as anti semitism fair landlord that's a real thing like a lot of a lot of Hitler's ideas came from Americans they did not come from German so

Dan  2:18:55
there were there was a deep Nazi contingent in America. Oh yeah. At the time and Henry Ford support

Jordan  2:19:01
support famous famously a bush Yeah, if you read if you read history beyond high school, where are headlines Yeah, where were the heroes? Hitler was super shocked that we didn't join their side

Unknown Speaker  2:19:17
understandably Yeah, for a very good reason. And thank God we didn't really good formally.

Dan  2:19:25
A lot of bad dudes here dead

Jordan  2:19:28
bad dudes.

Dan  2:19:29
So at this point, Alex starts rambling about his family and oil stuff and I want to play this just because it's incredibly not true. And then at the same time, there's there's a piece of it I want to unpack so here we go.

Alex Jones  2:19:46
I remember family making $100,000 a month. All my cousins, everybody family, like people making millions a year on on natural gas and oil like 15 years ago, 10 years ago. And then now because of Hold on SW drove down to nothing, where I have family that gets like $3,000 a month checks, and then there's property taxes on it. So I get to be blamed come back and finish up. I get to be blamed that I'm at payroll, a big oil and natural gas, I get zero money. And then personally, if I was one of these self fulfilling assholes that looked at everything in a one dimensional thing about how do I make money, I like cheer coal being turned back on, that's our electricity low, our factories, our jobs, the coal miners, I cheer coming back, the paychecks going from $100,000 to $50,000, to $10,000, to $3,000

Jordan  2:20:39
to $2,000 to $0, to negative $400 to negative $5,000. So every expert Price is Right.

Dan  2:20:47
Every expert who's looked into it, I mean, you can just do some research on your own and find this out. I don't want to I don't want to bog down and I have citations in front of me. But the idea that clean coal exists again is complete nonsense. Nope. But then secondarily, the idea that coal jobs are going to come back is absurd. They're not, they're not going to come back for the reasons that it's not economically viable. It doesn't matter. Like now the cost of coal is higher than the cost of other not as polluting zaimes of energy.

Jordan  2:21:20
The biggest problem with all of that, the biggest problem with all of that is that it is inevitable that clean energy is going to come it has and it is going to be more cost effective than trying to prop up dying, coal and oil industry.

Dan  2:21:37
It's inevitable, lower, we will die. The problem

Jordan  2:21:41
is that the people are trying to keep those old industries going long enough to ensure that we all die. Right, right. Right. That's the like, it's, it's like they're grasping for 10 more years of just a little bit more so that we lose 100 years of human Well, I'm

Dan  2:21:58
sure this metaphor is not that it's too late anyways,

Jordan  2:22:01
we're all gonna die. Oh, totally. But climate change is gonna murder.

Dan  2:22:04
The metaphor. I think it's probably been made before but it's like addicts wanting another hit. Yeah, like, Oh, great. Clean tomorrow. Yep. That sort of thing. Yeah. The other thing well, and

Jordan  2:22:13
it's just billionaires. I'm now like, I as much as I hate the GOP and and Trump and Pence so much. I hate pence so much. Sure. It is really, like it's not their fault. They're idiots. They're bought and paid for by billionaires. That's what it is. They're useful idiots like Ryan, Paul Ryan, when you look at the whole healthcare thing. It's obvious he's actually just fucking stupid. Right now. He's

Dan  2:22:43
a policy wonk.

Jordan  2:22:43
He's an idiot. But it's a walk bought and paid for by billionaires. Just do whatever they tell him. So yeah, I would rather people like like, I would rather people go to billionaires homes and pick it. They're sure then call your representative. It's interesting. It's going to do it's going to be much better for you. Yeah,

Dan  2:23:03
we're only we're only month so maybe a year away from me that the rich ship

Jordan  2:23:08
coming back has to come back because this isn't saying this is out of control. Anyway, this is this is exactly like the French Revolution box. Exactly like the French Revolution. Sooner or later, we're gonna have to start cutting the heads off. And it's a bummer that they don't even get

Dan  2:23:23
that the bigger bummer is that we're slightly on the wrong side of that probably probably because we're comfortable. I mean, like I'm a lot of them were rich compared to a lot of people in this country, even though we were poor to shit. Yeah, exactly. So we might

Jordan  2:23:38
get our heads. Hey, you know what, I'm willing to make that sacrifice. If it happens, it happens. But the other thing that is that is our basic policy towards heads getting chopped off, including our own

Dan  2:23:50
The reason I wanted to pause this clip here. And then beyond this, Alex is just going to talk about how like my family's in coal or my family's in oil, coal gas, and they love they love coal didn't want America to come back. It's all bullshit. But the idea that they were making hundreds of 1000s of dollars a month, and then the cheque is down to like 3000. Now, right? Trump has been in office for three months. Jesus Christ, the idea that their money has gone down to that he hasn't even brought back coal. Nope, not even a little bit. The idea that they could possibly have that big a dent in their economic viability is bullshit. If it's true, the reason is because their wells are gone dry. Like if that's if that's the case, then that's why they don't have the product to sell. Yeah, the idea that he's like, I am going against my own self interest and my family's self interest. It just literally can't be true,

Jordan  2:24:44
but it's reworking the it's reworking the reality, the same way that he does with anything else. It's like, yes, we're losing jobs, or we're losing money or so on and so forth. But I can't say it like that. I have to say it like I am the hero. He is always the hero row

Dan  2:25:00
I have one more clip Cole and then we're gonna get really weird. Okay, so here's the here's the last talk. Hey, you know what, this is actually kind of weird because it does weave into demons.

Alex Jones  2:25:10
To be alarmist, the real climatologist and astrophysicist say the earth is dying. Yeah. And isn't it crazy? Right at the point we get technology to survive with energy? We TerraForm and it actually saves the planet. Yeah. That's why I never seen aliens. I don't say aliens are real. Yes, you do. But the elites are doing everything you do to kill the planet. You've got the bound up carbon dioxide of hundreds of millions of years of life. And now, right when the planet doesn't have that gas, we have an energy source to put it back in the atmosphere. Why wouldn't we do that? Who could come up with that Rob do who could come up with that scenario?

Rob Dew  2:25:52
These are demonic people that hate humans. So I can only assume that they're not human. If they don't like humans, lizard people. Yeah, you

Dan  2:25:59
make a great point there do.

Jordan  2:26:02
I can only I can only assume that that perfect logical statement. As as somebody who studied logic, you have to you have to agree that if they hate humans, they're not human. That's just that's just science. Put that together. Okay. Use some Cartesian logic right there.

Dan  2:26:24
If if one hates humans, yes. Therefore, you can't even do that. That's one premise.

Jordan  2:26:32
If if eight humans now therefore I am not here. No, no, it makes perfect

Dan  2:26:37
sense. No, no. The second the second premise that's implied in there is all who hate humans are not human. Right? So therefore, these people aren't human. Yeah, that makes perfect sense. That second one is flawed because I hate humans and I'm human.

Jordan  2:26:50
You don't hate humans.

Dan  2:26:52
I think humanity as a whole is very problematic.

Jordan  2:26:55
Yeah, that was that was my big problem watching the matrix. Whenever Agent Smith is like, I think humanity is a disease. I was kind of like, yeah, you're probably right, man.

Dan  2:27:05
Yeah, that's one of those great, there's a video you can find online of Rogen. People like to take his clips and put them over swelling music. But he does have a really interesting observation about the idea that like if you fly over cities that kind of look like Oregon's Yeah, then there's like the inflow of cars going in and out of the city, like going to work into the suburbs to go home. It's kind of like blood flowing in and out of arteries. And then if you look at big cities, like Los Angeles, if you're flying over them, they look like a cancer. Right? It looks like just a disease on the on the, on the limb. That's a super interesting thought.

Jordan  2:27:43
That is an interesting thought. And I'm not.

Dan  2:27:46
I'm not philosophically against that, especially considering

Jordan  2:27:49
if you compare it to ants, which are like if you are an alien, and this point has been made by a million smarter people than me. Yeah. I don't know. No, if you were an alien and you came to earth, then your reality would be you would say that ants are the actual dominant population there because of them. Yeah, they equal if not Out, out, outnumber our biomass. There are continental colonies, which is like mind boggling to me there. They are Warfarin but one thing that is really true about ants is they're efficient as fuck. Yeah. Like we can't we can't really compete with that level of pure mindless efficient to work just getting to work. Yeah, exactly.

Dan  2:28:44
Because we intellectualize theory, I suppose. Let's get back on track. Because we individuality is bullshit. Is that my point? Is that my point let's become more like Anson get to this next clip.

Jordan  2:28:53
I don't understand you. So I'm going to be an individual. I'm going to say

Dan  2:28:59
three out of the next four clips, or the four clips left three out of the next four are fucked up. Okay. One of them is fucked up in a different way. But the other three are like whoa, all right. Whoa, all right. Let's do it. End of the night. Everyone's left the party. What are you talking

Jordan  2:29:19
about? And I'd like to remind not get this drunk ass out of your home.

Dan  2:29:22
I would like to remind everybody that what I said earlier in the show is what's going on now. Rob do is sitting at the desk in the second chair. And Alex won't look at not allowed to speak he's facing the other direction and Rob do looks like he's ready to go. He's got his coat on.

Unknown Speaker  2:29:40
He really hasn't gone Yes.

Dan  2:29:42
Oh, fuck yes. And it's like this. It's this thing where it's like we got to deal with drunkard stepped out again. It does have that feeling that is

Jordan  2:29:51
probably what it is like to work at info we have to it has to be that this gloom because you world they can't all believe any of that bullshit right?

Dan  2:30:01
Don't gig. It's so hard to tell. Yeah, I think it's case by case. I think I think I have different feelings about different employees. Let's

Jordan  2:30:10
toast to at least one employee of Infowars. Just the camera guy who just do. Rob, do. I just need benefits? Sometimes? I'll do just I need benefits. Man. You guys give me health insurance? So

Dan  2:30:24
I have no evidence of that. No, no, I doubt they could be independent contract. Yeah.

Jordan  2:30:29
That sounds about right. Anyway, here we go.

Alex Jones  2:30:31
We're doing more broadcasts and more, because, you know, we're getting shut down. We're getting curtailed, were getting censored. And you know what, just like they wrote hieroglyphics on the walls and Africa, and in Mesoamerica, and Europe and Asia. They didn't do it on a power trip, no one would know, 1000 years later why they did it. They did it because they wanted to transfer knowledge. And they appreciated the knowledge they heard around the campfire. So they wanted to put it out a new way to other people. And the psychopaths and sociopaths. They think we're Trump's Rob now, because we care about people. That's not why because we feel interconnected. And they know we care about here. That's why they use environmentalism to get us to guilt and hate ourselves because we actually care.

Dan  2:31:15
That's ludicrous. No, that

Jordan  2:31:17
makes perfect sense.

Dan  2:31:18
So I like

Jordan  2:31:19
how you negated his premise immediately. They, you know, 1000s of years, scientists would have no idea what they were doing. They wanted to communicate with each other. Oh, do you mean 1000s of years later, we figured out they wanted to communicate with each other. Great. Thanks, buddy.

Dan  2:31:33
Are you talking about the beginnings of written communication? Because before that everything was orally transmitted, everything was just there. They're long lineages of cultures before they had writing where everything was just done in like, yeah, and they're like, they would tell stories around campfires, the transmitted information that was imprinted to their culture, right? And then eventually figured out, we can write things down,

Jordan  2:31:56
right, which is why most writing of you know those really old religions is not from firsthand accounts. It's from people finally written down oral traditions. It's why as we know, after playing telephone, Every time you continue to tell a story, it is always 100% accurate.

Dan  2:32:15
It's one of those things that a lot of people don't understand, necessarily, is that Homer wasn't a person like, no, he's a collection of people. Homer was an oral tradition that created and carried down the books, The Iliad and The Odyssey.

Jordan  2:32:28
Absolutely. Well, and there are way more books of that as well, but we just haven't recovered that right.

Dan  2:32:33
But but those are the ones that are most prominently ascribed to Homer. It's, it's insane to me, it's insane to me that people don't understand that about like, oh, no, this is just blind poet guy wrote these books. That's fun. In the same way that like Socrates never wrote anything. It was all Plato wrote a bunch of shit and described these words to his teacher Socrates. Right, probably an oral tradition. Right. So interesting thoughts. You have Alex about cave drawings and what have you. But also, people don't use environmentalism against you as a weapon. They're scared.

Jordan  2:33:10
don't actually know how you would use environmentalism as a weapon.

Dan  2:33:14
Well, because his premise is that there's not enough carbon dioxide in the air and we need that makes perfect sense. Well, he's talked about it a bunch, the Earth is carbon deprived. So what we actually need to do is burn more coal and put more carbon dioxide into the the atmosphere and that will save us all what the fuck is he talking about? Because his belief is that this whole environmentalism is basically just trying to push carbon taxes and trying to shackle businesses right so my dad believed put it under UN control put it under direct control of Al Gore,

Jordan  2:33:46
he doesn't go that far. But that's the cool if Al Gore controlled all carbon. That would be a weird world to live in.

Dan  2:33:53
I am the king of carbon,

Roger Stone  2:33:55
Al Gore carbon king,

Dan  2:33:58
he would be too humble to

Jordan  2:34:00
dress me in armor made of carbon. I don't know

Dan  2:34:03
man, he's just so dumb, but we don't have time and I'm a little bit buzzed. So I don't want to get into like the ideas of exactly why this version of climate denial is so fucking stupid. But maybe we can do that another day

Jordan  2:34:16
all climate denial is stupid. You know what this particular brand

Dan  2:34:19
you know you know it might be fun deliciously stupid. You know it might be fun as we take this idea and you do a Dennis Montgomery style episode about that. Oh shit. That might be a way we could flip the table

Jordan  2:34:31
okay, possible we can do that.

Dan  2:34:32
That's all fair conversation. All right. Anyway, this next clip is about how everyone hates Alex Jones for no reason. And then it gets into something they should not have brought up.

Alex Jones  2:34:45
The point is is that she oh geez the way they got robbed groups the government believing they're actually fighting some foreign takeover. And they're now saying kill the president. major publications. Get ready and then the all the Republicans that don't go along they're Russians. This is and all of us are Russians. We did we're not going to supermax is okay,

Rob Dew  2:35:03
this is what they did make the video once they demonized him for 51 days. And then they went in and killed him. And everybody was like, Hey, good job.

Jordan  2:35:12
That is not what everyone said.

Dan  2:35:13
Did you get that? He's talking about the Branch Davidian. Yeah, we

Jordan  2:35:15
did say that. Yeah,

Dan  2:35:17
I just want to make sure everyone who's listening got that, but he's talking about Waco. Yep.

Jordan  2:35:22
Which, I don't know, I would say that's a bad corollary. But that is an example of the government kind of doing some crazy shit,

Dan  2:35:29
right? But it's not an example of the public being like, who re knew everyone thought that that was batshit insane. Even very liberal people. Conservatives also everyone thought, this is a horrifying thing to behold.

Jordan  2:35:44
Yeah, that was. That was Janet Reno, right? Yeah, she went apeshit

Dan  2:35:48
she'd fucked up. She'd done fucked up.

Jordan  2:35:50
Yeah, what what? It's very copyrighted books about that. And that isn't saying

Dan  2:35:55
I have as well. It's a very complicated case. The reality is that the people there were mostly victims. A lot of them brainwashed and willing victims. David Koresh was a horrible, horrible person, right? He was raping children. Right was just he was out of line there was

Jordan  2:36:15
he was out of line. You use your strongest words possible.

Dan  2:36:20
I think I might have just Alex Jones.

Jordan  2:36:22
I think I might read hey, look, you know, do you know what he was? Do you know what he really was? What he really really was so uncool.

Unknown Speaker  2:36:29
He was very uncool. David Koresh was uncool. The reality

Dan  2:36:32
of it is is I just I don't want to dive deep into that. But the the bigger point is that no one was cool with the fact that they burned people alive now that's a horrifying they everyone thought that that was a massive overstep. Right.

Jordan  2:36:46
Do you know what that's a lot? Like, if you put a lot of carbon dioxide in the air. Humanity's gonna burn alive.

Dan  2:36:55
At some point. Yep. So anyway, it gets worse they talk more about but also I want to say this is an interesting thing to come up because Alex Jones, one of his formative experiences, was watching waco happen as as a guy who's from Texas. Yeah,

Jordan  2:37:10
he would have been fairly nearby it Sure.

Dan  2:37:13
Well, so it's interesting, because Bill Hicks, the guy who everyone says, became Alex Jones, was deeply involved in a documentary about Waco, right. So it's super interesting, this confluence of things.

Jordan  2:37:27
Everybody says he's Bill Hicks. He's not Bill Hicks. No one's everybody says he's Bill Hicks. It's they think I think it's a joke, everybody. Everybody says he's Bill Hicks,

Rob Dew  2:37:35
calm down, got those pedophiles. And then it comes out later, but they weren't that bad. They weren't.

Rob Dew  2:37:45
They he knew he knew the sheriff. He knew everybody. So they're gonna demonize Trump demonize Trump demonized Trump. So even the people who are like kind of on the fence like, well, maybe Trump is better, you know, the news keeps finding stuff about.

Dan  2:37:56
So I want to, I want to say also, just because they talked about, they could have arrested Koresh at anytime he was heavily armed, oh, they were so heavily. He was insanely heavily armed. He had an army with him essentially a small army, but still a bunch of people who were dedicated to him who were heavily armed. They were gun runners and the person. So as I understand it, I don't I don't know all the details. But as I understand it, he usurped the church from somebody else by seducing that person's wife. Yeah. And then when that guy died, the son was supposed to take over the church. And he did. And so the two of them got into a little bit of a like a holy standoff, David Koresh, who was the lover of this prophet test, and the son of the Prophet Tess, and they got into this thing, like who should be in charge of the church? They dared each other to do a bunch of like, sort of raise the dead kind of shit. Yeah. And it ended

Jordan  2:38:50
like, like, what what was it? What who was it? Um, was it Elijah who compare like, Hey, bring all of your all of your holy men and like this giant thing on fire? Like that whole? Do you remember that whole

Dan  2:39:04
or even just Moses? Yeah, you know, having to do all these show off to the Egyptians look, snakes. Yeah, there's that whole like,

Jordan  2:39:13
that's my summation of Moses. Hey, snakes.

Dan  2:39:18
So they tried to do that sort of brinksmanship game. And what it ended up with is David Koresh and his followers storming the other guys compound with guns. So like he had a history of armed conflict with people and was deeply heavily armed and was not coming out of this compound. And he was wanted for arrest and wasn't coming

Jordan  2:39:39
out. Uncle number thing, Uncle thing number two.

Dan  2:39:43
Yeah, so like this idea that he would have gone willingly at any point. There's strong indications he wouldn't Oh, no, he never would. But at the same time, of course, you shouldn't burn these people alive in that building. Of course not.

Jordan  2:39:56
That's a strong stance to take. Course not Dan everything. If you want to die on that hill, I the the don't burn people alive hill

Dan  2:40:05
I find being wounded on that hill. But anyway,

Jordan  2:40:08
I wouldn't want to be burned alive on

Rob Dew  2:40:11
his bed,

Alex Jones  2:40:12
you know the sheriff was gonna go public because he, I talked to filmmakers that got to come Academy nomination bill and won the big awards and then the data Day letter.

Jordan  2:40:24
Oh, he's so drunk him. This is sad,

Alex Jones  2:40:29
they killed they killed him because he was gonna go public. And I don't blame the Delta Force, elite army unit for being there and blowing it up and burning it down and killing people that are following orders. That sounds horrible, but just scapegoating them what they did was wrong, like, compared the orders they were given. And other people involved in that were haunted by what they did. And that's why a lot of things they've done later behind the scenes to try to rectify that. But that was all a psyop on the military to see if they could get them right to turn into American people

Rob Dew  2:41:00
and and also the media demonization was meant to turn

Alex Jones  2:41:03
us against the military, so then they would hate us and then they would get their fight. instead. We're gonna love the military.

Jordan  2:41:09
He is so drunk. That is ludicrous. Yeah, that is just the most St. Louis of rappers right now. Yeah.

Dan  2:41:23
I don't think looted Christmas from St. Louis to Christmas from Atlanta. I think he has a great hit called Welcome to Atlanta. For the players

Jordan  2:41:31
play. I know I said St. Louis and just went No.

Dan  2:41:34
Do you know how St. Louis I am. How St. Louis is my tattooist. That's a great Murphy Lee quote, one of the St. Louis goddamnit. I love the st lunatics. Anyway, that that's Look, the Branch Davidian waco situation is incredibly complicated. How

Jordan  2:41:52
did they get on that? Bill? Because just that weird reference from Rob do

Dan  2:41:57
Rob do was talking about how they're demonizing Trump so they can take him down, in the same way that the media demonized the Branch Davidians and talked about how he was fucking kids, which he was like their aggression was

Jordan  2:42:10
like how we're talking about Trump is guilty of sexual assault. Like he is Yeah.

Dan  2:42:17
And like, let's let's be clear, in this in the scale of cult members or cult leaders, he's not as David Koresh wasn't as bad as like Jim Jones. But he's in the conversation. Yeah, they're in the same conversation.

Jordan  2:42:32
Full disclosure. My parents were in a cult, the cult leader. He did jail time. Yeah. He's not in the conversation. No, that's how bad cults are. Yeah, just just being a cult leader, probably going to do jail time. There are some seriously bad cult leaders.

Dan  2:42:49
I would say that almost any time there's a schism in a church and someone leads people off in another direction, isn't it schism, it's one or the other. It's either they're both accurate pronunciations. But like, anytime that happens, and there is like an offshoot of a church, generally, someone's up to something.

Jordan  2:43:09
Hey, if you're a dude, and you're leading a cult, chances are you're doing it to have sex with people.

Dan  2:43:16
Anyway, the we have two clips left. This next one, if you had any doubt in your mind, which I don't think it's possible at this point. But if you have any doubt in your mind, that Alex Jones has been drunk this entire time. Cast that aside, and listen to this. Jordan, please do not interrupt this because it is stupid. Not gonna say a word.

Alex Jones  2:43:38
The three ways learner might be four, but you can learn through experience. You can learn through education. Or you can learn through revelation

Rob Dew  2:43:54
and say through your DNA for

Alex Jones  2:43:56
SPI great DNA. Yeah, exactly. Race memory. So there is always more exactly. instincts, common sense. So there's common sense. There's learning. Let's go over the ways you learn.

Rob Dew  2:44:14
You have education, like you said, you have

Alex Jones  2:44:19
experience experience revelation, which probably is the DNA. Yeah,

Rob Dew  2:44:24
that's what it is. Well, it's

Alex Jones  2:44:25
spiritual, but yeah, exactly. That's why you know it.

Jordan  2:44:30
Are you talking about? Yep. That's insane.

Rob Dew  2:44:35
And you really learn by screwing up? That's how you learn. That's one of the biggest ways

Alex Jones  2:44:40
the best way is to learn. Let me ask you this question.

Dan  2:44:44
Spoiler alert. He doesn't ask him a question. But I love that. The best way is to learn is to learn for the last two minutes he was talking about the different ways to learn his summation of it is the best ways

Jordan  2:44:57
to learn. Look If you want to learn let me tell you about the best way to do it. Learn it. Oh God, at no point was books mentioned

Dan  2:45:08
reading No. No ah the part about that is like

Jordan  2:45:12
listening listening was not mentioned at all no definitely not communicating with people no sharing experiences now

Dan  2:45:20
Ah yeah. Trying to be empathic of others no chance the it just like that to me is it encapsulation of someone who won't leave my house is it's three o'clock I want to go to bed, get the fuck out of my house. Best way to learn is just

Jordan  2:45:38
learn the lizard recap. I just said three ways to learn and then you said a fourth and I don't like it when you talked. So how do you learn? And then he meet Rob do is like, you know what DNA is probably one of those. You mentioned? I'm not gonna say that you got one wrong.

Dan  2:45:58
I'll be honest, I think revelation is DNA race memory.

Jordan  2:46:01
Thanks. Thanks. Thanks, dude. So like white race memory.

Dan  2:46:05
That's after them just talking about the Branch Davidians and shit. It's like what is

Jordan  2:46:10
fucking happening? Wow.

Dan  2:46:12
So this last clip is Rob do accidentally kind of hitting the nail on the head of why I started this podcast. Now they're talking about the mainstream media, right? Now imagine what he's talking about, but about them. Can't imagine that and that will kind of clear up some of my motivation. Okay.

Alex Jones  2:46:37
Every time we face real bonafide censorship, it's not just the listeners figure it out, spread the word. But it's like doors just fly up

Rob Dew  2:46:45
the vibe. And just because sort of happening. Other people decide, You know what I gotta step in? That's usually how it happens. People get pushed so far. And at some point, they go, I've had enough. I mean, when when? What's your line in the sand? How many times is Alex asked that? What's your line? When are you gonna go? I've had enough. I'm done. I'm going to start stepping forward step taking a step back

Alex Jones  2:47:14
and being intimidated by MSM or some dweeby. Who's a total coward on Facebook or is probably a sock puppet bod. be calling you a racist? It's like,

Dan  2:47:24
first of all, that is a perfect encapsulation of why I started this. Yeah. I watched the election night on Infowars. Yeah, I saw them mocking everyone who was crying. Yeah. It was a roomful of white dudes laughing at a very diverse when realized, oh, shit, our lives are in danger. Yeah, the things that keep us alive. Planned Parenthood. If for the most basic example. Yeah, immigration laws, that sort of stuff. All of the progress that we made is going to be rolled back and I am in danger. They were crying legitimately in a room full of white dudes are laughing and they joking. Cigars have been proven to be absolutely correct. Yep, absolutely. All those tears were legitimate. How

Jordan  2:48:11
many? How many times do you have to read a story about children being separated from their mother? Once because because she's been deported for nonsense for bullshit reasons families broken up because of spite. Like, that's really that's really what it is. Yeah, it really comes down to cruel

Dan  2:48:31
technicalities.

Jordan  2:48:32
Cruelty. Yeah.

Dan  2:48:34
And that was it. That was it for me. I watched that. And that was the moment that Rob do just described is when you guys had enough, that was the line. That was absolutely the line. And before that, I knew that Alex Jones was a liar. I could have documented it before that right. But it was fun to laugh at him.

Jordan  2:48:52
Do you know what the lie for me? Or do you know what the line for me was that

Dan  2:48:55
night? We went out drinking and I was like, Hey, let's do this podcast.

Jordan  2:48:57
You got it. You asked me politely. I would love to posit myself as some sort of holy Crusader but I didn't have this idea you did for the ride. You're fucking kicking out you're

Dan  2:49:11
an essential piece of it and I love you your love. Here is where Alex Jones as we mentioned his fucking drunk takes us to an anti semitic direction great.

Alex Jones  2:49:20
I say Nazis are horrible working with the Jewish mafia to kill Jews and World War Two George Soros. It's like Pulitzer Prize books on it. And so the Jewish newspapers hamesha medic. They're the ones discrediting themselves. I feel sorry for them. Yeah, it's not like I have to sit there like oh my god, don't call me a name. They're the ones like they have dementia. They're basically eating their own crap. I mean, I don't even know yep, I don't make pleasure in the fact that they're doing it but it just doesn't matter. infowars.com forward slash show and shred that link. Everybody. You know,

Dan  2:49:56
what a piece of shit.

Jordan  2:49:57
Yes. Oh, thank you. You Alex Jones. What a piece of a pile of fucking garbage

Dan  2:50:03
now just to get the taste out of our mouths. We

Roger Stone  2:50:06
I am ready. I am more than ready

Alex Jones  2:50:08
let me say this right now let me tell I'm not against gay people. Okay, I love them. They're great folks. But Schiff looks like the Ark type, archetypal cocksucker with those little deer in the headlight eyes and all his stuff. And there's something about this fairy hopping around bossing everybody around trying to intimidate people like me and you. I want to tell Congressman Schiff, and all the rest of them. Hey, listen, asshole, quit saying Roger and I and I've never used cussing in 20 years, but the gloves are off. Listen, you son of a bitch. What the fuck is your problem? You want to sit here and say that I'm a goddamn fucking Russian? You get my face with that. I'll beat your goddamn as you son of a bitch. You piece of shit. You fucking goddamn fucker. Listen, fuckhead you fucking crossed the line. Get that through your goddamn fucking head. Stop pushing your shit. You're the people that have fucked this country over and gang rape the shit out of it last election. So stop shooting your mouth off claiming I'm the enemy. You got that you got them son of a bitch. Fill your hand. I'm sorry. But I'm done. You start calling me a foreign agent. Those are fucking fight wars. Excuse me.

Dan  2:51:16
The reason I wanted to play is because it's so fucking awesome. No fucking great. But then secondarily, I just want to illustrate we've taken this ride throughout this entire episode. And we've gotten to the point where he's ended the night drunk. And I wanted to remind people that he started.

Jordan  2:51:31
He started he's he started fucking morning drunk.

Dan  2:51:35
He's been drunk this entire time. But different stages. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So Alex, a textbook. I hate to I hate to do this. Your boss don't. You are an alcoholic. And we like to make fun of you. But I'd like to end this on actually a slightly sincere note. Get help. We just said that at the same time. Because we mean it, you have this you have a severe problem. And as do

Jordan  2:52:02
we and that problem, empathy, because he is a monster yet somehow, somehow both of us are like, Dude, you you should really turn your life around.

Dan  2:52:12
Well, I think we recognize humanity. And maybe we've had issues with substances at various times. Yeah, I speak for myself. And I've known people who have had tremendous substance problems and a lot of his behaviors kind of mirror a lot of theirs. But you just give give that crazy person that you know, who has a drug problem? A nationally syndicated radio show that good, but

Jordan  2:52:33
it's not good like this? No. And and, you know, as as you know,

Dan  2:52:38
we've talked about this a bunch of times. Yeah. It's not really ethical to diagnose mental illness.

Jordan  2:52:44
Absolutely not. But I there's definitely something going on. No,

Dan  2:52:47
but I think, based on the sound that we heard of him drinking, the fact that he's hiding a cup under his desk. Yeah, he's clearly drunk behavior. You met his drunk behavior at the inauguration. How wasted he was on Rogan's show, right? These are all indications to me that he has a very serious problem with alcohol, and maybe some of these behaviors that we like to make fun of, and we should be making fun of a great some of them might have the root in a substance abuse problem,

Jordan  2:53:19
as as, you know, as much of a monster he is. I, you know, I've done some shit that I absolutely regret.

Dan  2:53:30
Listen, I'm not saying we shouldn't be doing this. No, absolutely not. I'm just trying to make this the fairest podcast possible about Alex Jones. Right. And if we are going to do that, we have to recognize that maybe he's not as bad of a person underneath that. It's possible. But the only way for us to ever prove that is for him is for him to get help. And that's never

Jordan  2:53:53
really enough. If we get him help. We have to end the podcast. He's probably going to be fine. I honestly I'm gonna be a good, good dude. He's gonna love trans people. Wait, no, he's a monster and he's going to be a monster no matter what. Yeah, nevermind. Fuck him. But

Dan  2:54:09
if he did get help, and he stopped doing his show, that wouldn't ruin this show. Now we can transition to Michael Savage. Like there's 100 of these dudes. You're right. You're right. And they're all equally easy to like, point out where

Jordan  2:54:26
they're lying. We're not going to run out of fuck faces. Yeah, so

Dan  2:54:29
I can asshole conservative. Even conservative. No, that's not fair to concern although

Jordan  2:54:35
usually conservatives crazy.

Dan  2:54:39
Right Wing fucks. Yup. Anyway, Alex, please get help. You deserve it. Your family deserves it. Apparently you have a fourth kid. They deserve it.

Jordan  2:54:48
Let me ask you a question. Dan. What's up? If you were looking to find us, where would you do so on the streets, bitch. All right. That wasn't the prompt I was given you. But that also seems fair enough. Yeah.

Dan  2:54:59
No. Knowledge fight.com That's our website. You can

Jordan  2:55:03
also follow us at at knowledge fight or at knowledge underscore fight.

Dan  2:55:08
That's correct on Twitter. Yep. Our DMS are open. Bring it.

Jordan  2:55:12
Yeah. Alex Jones. If you would like the impetus to get help DM us, we'll resources will refer to you to a good program. I know some people who have a suicide hotline and if, if Trump doesn't get impeached, you're gonna be there real quick.

Dan  2:55:26
Yeah. So also, you can email us if you want at knowledge. fight@gmail.com You got it. I did get an email recently from a listener who wants a signed wine bottle.

Jordan  2:55:37
No. Signed up fuck out of that wine. But

Dan  2:55:41
you guys would also like a wine bottle. I mean, you got to pay for shipping. I don't know how much that cost. I'm really bad at this. You're bad. But we have a bunch of empty wine bottles. We'll send you one draft or we have these shirts that maybe if enough people want them, we can send them out who knows?

Jordan  2:55:56
So Dan, you do a shit ton of work. And if you guys want to support that NPR style, or

Dan  2:56:04
there's a link on knowledge fight.com You can check that out. Absolutely. Thank you all so much. Jordan has been a

Jordan  2:56:11
delightful. It has been delightful. Let me ask you a question. I'd love to answer this question. What are we? I would

Dan  2:56:19
say that we are dudes who are into policy.

Andy In Kansas   2:56:29
Play the clip. Andy in Kansas, you're on the air. Thanks for holding. Well, Alex, I'm a first time caller. I'm a huge fan. I love your work.
