Alex Jones  00:00
Andy in Kansas, you're on the air. Thanks for holding. Well, Alex, I'm a first time caller. I'm a huge fan. I love your work.

Jordan  00:07
Hey everybody, welcome back to knowledge fight. I'm Dan. I'm Jordan. We're a couple of dudes who like to drink red wine and sit around and discuss the merry ways and prankster ish days of Alex Jones.

Jordan  00:20
He's pan now that's what we're talking about. He is a he's got goat legs and everything. He's

Jordan  00:24
gone running through the woods.

Jordan  00:26
I buy it. He is a little girl that

Jordan  00:28
would be if he was if he was just some sort of Bacchus like character. Yeah, just

Jordan  00:33
bringing all sorts of weird awkward feelings no matter where he goes. He

Jordan  00:37
does do that. But here's one thing that separates Alex Jones from pan Alex is never having fun

Jordan  00:45
that he boy that's a good question. What does Alex do for fun kills

Jordan  00:49
things

Jordan  00:50
I don't hunt. That's that's that is on brand Phil glad he's on brand fill in

Jordan  00:55
the blank with anything Americana and manly and I think that's where he lives in terms of fun. But what do you think?

Jordan  01:02
What do you think is barbecue is

Jordan  01:03
like whole Nellie?

Jordan  01:04
I bet probably get it barbecue,

Jordan  01:06
I would assume so he lives in Texas. There's a lot of good grill and opportunity down there. My dad, my parents live in Austin.

Jordan  01:12
Here's some good grilling opportunity. It's

Jordan  01:14
warm most of the year. Yep. My parents lived down there. And every time I go visit around like Thanksgiving, my dad's super excited to have smoked turkey. Out in the old smoker. He's got a meat smoker. Uh huh. I imagine Alex Jones gets into some of that business.

Jordan  01:28
I gotcha. So what's the twist on this podcast?

Jordan  01:31
I speculate a lot about Alex Jones's grilling habits.

Jordan  01:34
And I don't know anything about grilling habits at all.

Jordan  01:38
The real twist is I listen to Alex Jones every day and you don't I do not. So today, Jordan, we're going to be going over something that happened on the April 11, the Tuesday episode this week of the Alex Jones Show. Okay, now I want to give a little bit of context. This is fortune smiling upon me. Oh, all right. This whole week? Uh huh. The last couple of days Sunday through Tuesday, have been essentially, Alex talking about Syria being a false flag. Right, insisting that every piece of evidence backs him up. He talks about how like even Putin said it's a false flag. Oh, great. Oh, great. Cool. I buy it. Yeah, great source.

Jordan  02:24
So far, he's been very trustworthy. across the spectrum. Of

Jordan  02:27
course, there's an interview with Ron Paul, that was on RT, where he says was a false flag like

Jordan  02:34
Ron Paul was on RT, saying Syria was a false flag RP on our team. All right. Well, actually, now I'm back on Ron Paul's side. You know, I left the libertarian for a while now I'm back. Now I'm back because

Jordan  02:47
like there's a 0% chance this was Assad. Right, whatever.

Jordan  02:51
That. I mean, there's not a 0% chance. There's not 100% chance. So either No,

Jordan  02:57
much like you can't tell without DNA testing of a duck is a duck. There's not there's going to never be certain things

Jordan  03:02
in life. Yeah. And believe me, one of the ways to learn is not DNA testing. No, no, no.

Jordan  03:06
Also, he has an interview that he plays. And he didn't conduct this interview was on the BBC with a former ambassador to Syria. His name was Peter Ford. Right. And he's talking about how

Jordan  03:19
that's an Americana name. Of course, he's British. Yeah. But that's why Alex Jones is cool with putting them on a show.

Jordan  03:25
Yeah, he's the well, actually the real reason he's okay with it is because what the fuck he says, but he is a former UK Ambassador to Syria. He ended his tour of duty or whatever, in 2006. And he is basically saying that because Trump has bombed them after a gas attack, it gives any ISIS members they're a really good motivation to fake another one. If they want to lure us into war, right? He says that that's what the interviewer says. Alex Jones insists that this is proof that the gas attack that has happened is a false flag. And that this guy, this Ambassador to Syria is even saying it, which isn't technically true. It's sort of implied, but he doesn't actually say that. Okay, further, I did a little looking into this ambassador's past. And he has been roundly criticized by tons of organizations for being pro Assad. Really, he is very partial. He

Jordan  04:24
may be searching for any possible explanation that doesn't implicate his boy. Yeah. Side. Yeah.

Jordan  04:29
He's, he's done some, like appearances at lectures and stuff. And

Jordan  04:36
but at the same time, you know, that is that is a technically true thing that he said, wherein if I were the leader of ISIS, which I am not, thank you. I would, I would say if we could if we could swing that false flag on our own then yeah, we got a good shot at the holy war we've been searching

Jordan  04:57
for exactly. And I mean that that line logic does make sense. Yeah.

Jordan  05:01
So basically what we're saying is Ford is giving them

Jordan  05:05
the plan. I'm sure they've thought of that already, but it doesn't track. That means that the attack itself was a false flag because Mossad has a horrible record of attacking his own people and using unconventional. Well,

Jordan  05:17
you could say horrible record. You could also say he has one of the best records ever, certainly, in that he's really good at it.

Jordan  05:27
So Alex has been making this argument. Across the board. Yeah. And he's doing it in order to try and defend Trump. Right? He's saying that Trump is like, he knows this. He's just doing this as a show of strength. We kind of went over that a little bit on the last episode. Yeah, the thing that's interesting is he's been twisting it. And he's been blaming everybody. So it started with Kushner. Right, who as we know, Steve Bannon has called a globalist and UK

Jordan  05:53
HE is a cock whether or not he's a globalist is yet to be seen. But cuck I think we can all

Jordan  05:59
agree. So he's like, it's Kushner. It's Jared Kushner, he dragged him there. Well,

Jordan  06:03
that's what we call him from now.

Jordan  06:04
You can go so Kuchner is like.

Jordan  06:08
Now, that's my favorite thing.

Jordan  06:09
He's a secret Democrat, all this stuff. And he's like, okay, he's a neocon, globalist, whatever. Then Alex switches and he's like, you know, it was Ivanka. He blames All right. Well, that's fun. And now on Tuesdays,

Jordan  06:22
so Ivanka is Kuchner in Kuchner at this point. Yeah, that's what we're doing now. I gotcha.

Jordan  06:28
That's, that doesn't stick for very long. No. So now on today's show, because we're recording this on Tuesday. Alex is like it's Tillerson.

Jordan  06:36
Yes. Excellent. So everyone's getting the blame everyone, but Trump, everyone. So the buck stops everywhere. But Trump?

Jordan  06:45
Yes. And catch to be fair, Tillerson makes sense. He's an Exxon CEO. And oil is very heavily involved in Syria. There's a pipeline issue that is very real.

Jordan  06:56
Well, also, he's a billionaire, and he has no feelings or thoughts or emotions. So he's just evil, just pure capitalism personified, seems

Jordan  07:04
fully uninterested in staffing the state he hates being the Secretary of State, but he doesn't want any deputies either apparent,

Jordan  07:11
which seems so odd. If you don't want to do the job. Just get other people to do it for you. You're a billionaire. That's your entire life. Well,

Jordan  07:19
actually, Mike Cernovich has an interesting theory about that. Excellent. Mike Cernovich was on last week or so. And he was breaking a big scoop. And that is that the pedophile army Oh, the globalist elite pedophile army have compromised the people who give out security clearances. So the reason that all of the jobs in the government aren't staffed. It isn't because Trump hasn't nominated anybody for those positions, which he hasn't. He has not it's because whenever he does try and nominate somebody, these globalist pedophile elite controlled security clearance people are like, no, no, no, no, you're a patriot. Get out of here.

Jordan  08:00
That is maybe the dumbest conspiracy theory.

Jordan  08:04
I've heard. Yeah, it's wild.

Jordan  08:05
That one is out there.

Jordan  08:06
So anyway, all this shits been going on. I don't want to I don't want to talk about it. Like I said on the last episode, I didn't want to cover it. What we were going to cover today was the today on the on the Tuesday show, April 11. Alex Jones had Michael Savage back on Oh boy. And Michael Savage, I think is starting to smell the roses. Okay,

Jordan  08:27
so he's starting to bail on Trump.

Jordan  08:29
Not so much. But he's starting to realize, oh, fuck, we got screwed. He's laying the groundwork. He's definitely starting to be like, I trust Trump. But I, he's, he's going to fuck us. He's getting into the World War. Basically, and I don't understand how you don't didn't see this coming. First of all, they go hard on Tillerson, and they're like, he's, he's, you know, he's an oil CEO. Of course, he's interested in this pipeline.

Jordan  08:56
Yeah. You know, which is a reasonable thought,

Jordan  08:58
you know, that we all knew this when he was nominee. Yeah, they're screaming about how he's connected to Goldman Sachs and all this shit he

Jordan  09:08
is. And Goldman Sachs runs most of his cabinet at this

Jordan  09:13
point. The whole time, Alex, like since the election wants Trump started nominating people. Because like, yeah, he's getting Goldman Sachs people in, but these people all have a history of fighting the globalist Yeah. All right. You're just making shit

Jordan  09:24
up? Yeah. Just that's what the right wing has been doing. They are they got defeated by Fox News. Yeah, like they Fox News. They were like, Oh, this is our propaganda wing. We can tell other people and then it got out of their control. And now everybody believes the dumb shit that they were selling people before. They didn't realize that oh, right. Right. We were like, Yeah, they've forgotten that part. They just got swept up in it. They're like, look at how much fun this is to hate black people. Especially when one's the president and then all of a sudden it got out of control. And now they're like, Yeah, we know that truck. Oh no, no,

Jordan  10:02
we're coming for like, real weird. Alright, hangover.

Jordan  10:06
Oh man.

Jordan  10:07
It's not gonna be fun for anybody.

Jordan  10:09
Oh, you are so optimistic and saying there will be people there will be anybody. Yeah, the hangover will be eternal slumber.

Jordan  10:18
I was fascinated by this Michael Savage interview. And that was what we were going to cover. And I regret not pulling one clip from it. You didn't pull any I didn't pull any. Because what happened right after the Michael Savage interview? This was like the gods smiling down on me. Like I was like, I don't want to cover this stuff. I know. We're 10 minutes into the episode now. And we've been talking about what he's been talking about. But I don't want to do a whole episode talking about this. This war shit, because it's so wack. You just don't care. And I don't want to talk about it. We've got to record this episode. It's

Jordan  10:49
like crack war is wack. Yeah,

Jordan  10:52
I was like, please just give me something. And you know, like, Jesus, Alex Jones works in mysterious ways.

Jordan  11:00
You are building this up crazy fire.

Jordan  11:02
You know what it is worth? Okay, this is going to be I want to say this. He's sober. Okay. All right. And it's one of the crazy so we're

Jordan  11:12
getting we're getting full power. Alex Jones full force AJ Yes. But he is suffering in some hard crazy. He

Jordan  11:18
still has some of his drunk characteristics. But you can tell that he's not drunk. But like when I when I brought up the I regret not pulling one clip. From the Michael Savage interview. There was a point where Alex is like they've taken Trump's phone away from him.

Jordan  11:35
Thank God, Oh,

Jordan  11:36
my God. Like what? They've taken this phone.

Jordan  11:38
They've taken his phone. Exactly. And who will tweet at us at six in the morning?

Jordan  11:42
Then Alex is like, Yeah, whenever you call him now he's like, No, we got his cell phone. And that's how we always talk. Now you call him in the previous is there

Jordan  11:55
so that does that does confirm our theory that Alex Jones has Trump's phone number

Jordan  12:00
he's probably making you think So the premise that the president's chief of staff is holding his phone hostage? Answering his calls for him on his personal cell phone seems absurd to me. But then again, are you

Jordan  12:14
shitting me? It's the most reasonable response to anything that's been going on,

Jordan  12:19
but nothing that's happened is reasonable. So why start now? Exactly.

Jordan  12:23
Well, that's a good that's a good point. I forgot. I forgot we're already we're already past that. No, if you were,

Jordan  12:29
if any definition of rearranging deck chairs on the Titanic. Yeah, that is like Let's have someone else answer his fucking phone. Yeah,

Jordan  12:36
but I mean, as long as he's not tweeting, the administration is doing better.

Jordan  12:41
All right, homeboys crazy. What do we do? I don't know. Give him his phone. Give them a secretary. What? No.

Jordan  12:47
Oh, he's got plenty of secretaries. But I think I look it is how old they are. And what gender

Jordan  12:53
young trans listen, I sorry, but look. Okay, so I want to I'm working on Eddie Murphy. All right. All right. I regret not pulling that clip. Because it's really funny that Alex is like, I got to talk to Priebus now. That's fucking hilarious.

Jordan  13:14
But like a little whiny child, but thank

Jordan  13:17
God this happened all right. He came back from break he leaves Dr. Savage Michael Savage interviews done. Savage is mad.

Jordan  13:29
He's furious. Alex Jones is mad. Everybody's mad.

Jordan  13:33
So Alex comes back from break and I apologize also that I don't have an out of context drop for this episode. But quite frankly, all of this isn't out of context. Okay, I have cut this up into about one minute segments to it's more digestible. But I want to make this clear. I have not cut a single fucking word from this 13 minutes. I have not changed any context. I have not edited anything so

Jordan  13:59
it's one solid 13 minutes Yep. That you have chopped into one minute chunks. Yes,

Jordan  14:03
absolutely. All right. And here's how it starts. And believe me it doesn't stay on this topic for long.

Alex Jones  14:09
They call me anti semitic. Whenever I talk about George Soros being a Nazi collaborator What a crazy is Hamish Trump clips what I say in the article like I did something wrong somebody's George Soros I mean it's I'm not against Israel. It's like I think they have authority because of the New York Times The Washington Post or the foreword or Vanity Fair because their mainstream media that they just shake it. It is. I learned a long time ago with bullies they sit there and punch me in the face and think I was gonna fall over. Like fall over like you didn't follow her. I was like, No, you're gonna follow. prove this. I wish well on everybody, whether they're in Israel or Iran or Japan or Venezuela. When I see somebody fallen down, and somebody's not doing well, I don't feel good. Nope. I have a soft side that tends to get me then to shell out my own personal freedom. Try to save somebody. That sounds like you learned you can't save a drowning person.

Jordan  15:08
can't save a drowning person. Nope, not possible. Also,

Jordan  15:11
you know how nobody's ever saved a drowning person before? Never never

Jordan  15:15
know why there are no lifeguards. Yeah, that's a that's like a vestigial position. It doesn't exist anymore. Like Miller, Wade Miller's Miller's totally still exists. Yeah, who cares? It seems like an old timey job. Right, so the clip starts. People say I'm anti semitic.

Jordan  15:31
I love the rhythm there too. It's it started out like a like a song. Like, people say I'm anti semitic. When I say George Soros helped murder the

Jordan  15:41
joke because I lie about him.

Jordan  15:45
People say I'm anti semitic because I singled him out for his Judaism

Jordan  15:49
because I maligned the Jews. Alex, what the fuck are you talking about? Like you? It's, anyway, the more important thing is you were air guitaring. And it was fantastic. This is the second instance on the show that he like right before he talks about people calling him anti semitic. He was karaoking along with his song.

Jordan  16:13
He was late. It was on the show. Yes. Hey, he thought he was eight. He knew the show was on. I think he wasn't it wasn't like they were this is what he does. Every time they go to break is just him karaoke.

Jordan  16:25
They've gotten to elaborate studio. There's an On Air sign. I mean, he had to have known. He's just singing along with this song. It is awesome.

Jordan  16:32
I do not count anything along the lines of he had to have known. There is no he had to have known a fair world. That's a fair point. Alex Jones may not never know anything.

Jordan  16:42
I am so furious, because I was watching the episode live. And he started saying I'm like, I can't wait to cut this clip. I can't wait to get this and then I go back to the rebroadcast. They cut it out. So I don't have I don't have a copy of it. In the rebroadcast. They edited out his karaoke. So he karaoke this song. Earlier in the show he karaoke Amarillo by morning by George strained they took them both out. He's like, they come back from break earlier in the show. And it's Amarillo by morning. Yeah, by the way, is a banger. Yeah, it's a great song. Yes. So he starts his like, Amarillo by morning. And then it cuts. And you can tell it cuts because the song jumps. And he's like, My daughter loves that song. You know, and she's just like, why is this man doesn't have a dime. And he's like, Honey, it's a story, the song but it's a story about a bull rider.

Alex Jones  17:34
All right.

Jordan  17:38
I'm legitimately furious that I don't have audio of that. And if we could get this show to take off and I don't have to have a job, I can just get it live. To donate to the Patreon because I want audio that we can play of Alex Jones karaoke, and

Jordan  17:52
that is pretty much the Holy Grail. Yeah, that's why they cut it out, of course, is because they didn't want people grabbing that and putting it elsewhere. 100% Because that because what if a show like ours existed, they have outsmarted us this time. Yeah, maybe we'll get you next time in full was. So

Jordan  18:11
you are anti semitic for talking so much shit on very specific Jews and lying about them, especially in relation to their Judaism. You can save someone who's drowning. And now again, I didn't edit anything. This is exactly where the next thought is.

Alex Jones  18:25
What she learned you can't save a drowning person. If they're trying to claw you under and push it down. Basil kid, we had a German Shepherd who was a great dog named Nunc got hit by a car.

Jordan  18:36
God, where's this couldn't take that

Alex Jones  18:39
dog to the lake. In fact, you couldn't take him to a friend's house with a swimming pool. Because the dog was in the house. It busts down the screen door to get to you have a claw you think and you are grounding. Kind of the reverse of someone trying to push you under when you save them. It was the other way around. And look, none of us are perfect. None of us have all the answers but I just want prosperity. To see a future for humanity.

Jordan  19:13
save a drowning person metaphorically, they're gonna talk about

Jordan  19:17
No, the dog who wouldn't let you drown, which is the reverse who is who's some sort of dog superhero.

Jordan  19:24
It's as if he has an inverse ability to use metaphor. Like he's like, Okay, I'm trying to make a simile here. Let me go with the exact opposite of what I'm talking about. And then after he tells the story about the dog who doesn't relate to his point, he's like, listen, I just want prosperity.

Jordan  19:41
What is he talking about?

Jordan  19:42
These thoughts don't track ah knows all over the map. Well,

Jordan  19:48
but that is that is the proof that he is at the very least subconsciously being shaken. Oh, he's not ready for Trump to go away. He's not ready for re he's not ready for Trump to not be

Jordan  20:00
This man, he's not ready for people to actually pay attention. Yeah, he's in an abusive relationship with Himself. Yeah, but Well, the administration and everything holy shit,

Jordan  20:10
I mean, just keeps going back to Trump like, oh Trump, if you got to know him, he'd be a really nice guy. Then Trump bomb Syria.

Jordan  20:17
This 13 minute clip is evidence that he can't handle doing his own show anymore. And that's why he's been having so many goddamn guests on lately. He's having Roger Stone on almost every day. He's having Mike Cernovich on all the time. He's having Jerome Corsi show up a whole bunch. Uh huh. Savage has been on twice in the last two weeks or so. That's a big gift for that world for that world of crazy Wingdings.

Jordan  20:42
So,

Jordan  20:43
he's not he's like taken out okay. He's been taking tons of calls this week to wow which has been making me really want to call him and I might Oh, you've got to I might start falling. Call it. Like Alex, you okay, bro. Okay, but I want to make this public statement to Alex Jones is fucking stupid as shit. Yes. Compared to his callers. He is a goddamn genius. These callers are fucking so stupid. Okay, with one exception. One lady called in the other day and was like, Hey, I supported Trump. I you know, I didn't I never voted before. I thought this was gonna be a big change. And we're all being fucking played. Why don't you get that? Why don't you wonder what now so

Jordan  21:29
this lady a became a hero. Alex

Jordan  21:32
immediately. Get out. Yeah. And he asked her like, why do you feel this way? And she brings up the idea of this pipeline through Syria that you know, you want to get to Iran. So Russia can get the oil and what have you. Yeah, and and she's like, why haven't you covered that? All you do is talk about all this other stuff. Or you talk about false flags and all this shit. Why don't you talk about that pipeline? And Alex Jones is like Man, we have covered it and then scramble to find any fucking

Jordan  22:04
Governor any anything. Just a little clip. And if anything

Jordan  22:07
flimsy is evidence that he has covered up then he's like, Hey, why do we got to in fight there? I have covered it. And I was like, Oh, I love this lady. Yeah, this lady. She was a Trump supporter. Which I don't like so much. Nope. But you gotta hurts But ma'am, I am into it. I enjoy it. So anyway, yeah, he

Jordan  22:22
doesn't like being fucked metaphor. Metaphorically. Yeah, well, everybody likes a little metaphysical

Jordan  22:29
metaphysical handjob so this this goes on. Let's see what else he wants to talk about.

Alex Jones  22:35
And I see CNN going oh, look at the all rights all upset. Trump's starting all these wars. Yep. Yeah. How dare you not be for wars and I'm just like you people have no soul. Your corporate shills. Fox News is like the World War Three channel right now. Oh no. At least China and North Korea threatened people chariot and start this war didn't do jack diddly squat except be a place where Jews Christians and all sects of Muslims could live in peace and women went to college and can be doctors and he is talking about Iran and the eight talked all the ambassadors CIA people that have been there they tell me after Jordan is the best place in the Middle East other than Israel. We're having some basic freedom

Jordan  23:24
Yeah, but the bulls never recovered after Jordan. I mean, we got rose but then rose went down it's just we're just never recovered, keeps

Jordan  23:32
breaking his knees and allegedly sexually assaulting people. Oh, man. Rough. I look I don't want to I don't want to say that Syria didn't at one point be it wasn't a wonderful place to live. It wasn't but Syria is not innocent. No, Assad has done some horrible shit.

Jordan  23:48
Like to the point where you say you know Assad's almost killed as many Syrians as we have like that kind of that kind of level of monster. I mean, it's what what the fuck? He was so close he was so close because we agreed with him at the beginning Why at the beginning of that clip he was like Fox News is the World War Three I'm looking at knowledge fight going oh, we've got two things we agree with him on maybe raise that up to three and then he just goes straight to straight to fucking cereal used to be a good place now I should

Jordan  24:23
change that number of things. We agree with him to on the website two days since we've agreed Yeah,

Jordan  24:29
that's way better. You're right.

Jordan  24:32
But you're correct. But like I completely lost my thought. I don't know. That's the first time in 30 episodes I've just completely lost a thought

Jordan  24:41
oh, he's he's clearly talking about Iran in the 80s i Four before we regime change in Iran. Oh, here's what it was they were a lovely liberal perfect place all Alex does

Jordan  24:53
is talk about nuclear war breaking out with North Korea and the chai calms yeah and shit like that him acute Using Fox News of being World War Three channel who boy who boy pop Cadillacs on there my friend. Yeah that's insane

Unknown Speaker  25:09
yeah but

Jordan  25:09
they're doing it wrong yeah that's what Alex Jones's main point no you guys sound like you want to attack you we have to pretend that they attacked us first we got a false flag

Jordan  25:19
and we they're not like pretending that they have fake sources that are really high level. Yeah, he keeps also well,

Jordan  25:25
they just have sources who are really high level telling them fake things. Yeah. It's just it's just a mash up of different words when we get into the right wing areas. Yeah, just mix and match. It's a it's a Yeah,

Jordan  25:38
lately, Alex has been being like, I got this woman inside the White House source. About as high up as you can go previous. No, it's fucking Phantom. previously answered his phone,

Jordan  25:48
though. Oh, he could have been gabbing with pre cut it. And look, I'm telling you on this one. I think that is exactly how when he hates Priebus. Well, yeah, that's why he's really mad that prevous is answering the phone

Jordan  26:01
and giving him information. I always leak is Priebus

Jordan  26:05
just the fact that Priebus is talking to him tells him everything he needs to know. Yeah, I guess so. reverse engineered it.

Jordan  26:12
I talked to a high level White House employee the other day just because Priebus answered the phone. Exactly. All right, that counts, right, whatever. So he goes on.

Alex Jones  26:24
People want to bash Israel all day, just way Israel like our way other countries and I go for 100 pounds, okay. Israel is just a tiny piece of land. And Saudi Arabia has more wealth than any other country probably for their elite. Not per capita wealth for their their late per capita wealth be like South Korea, overall wealth be something like Switzerland, per capita wealth, states after that Korea for wealth of elites, I mean, Saudi Arabia has, like 30,000 princes or something I wonder calls the moment. And the average one is like $5 million a year, the big ones get billions a year. Hundreds of princes get billions a year. Oh, your apprentice years, billions dollars. They've got whole cities, one for whatever reason we don't know that are air conditioned.

Jordan  27:17
whole cities that are air conditioned

Alex Jones  27:19
plastic tents that are like three bedroom houses. They can house millions of people. And they don't take one refugee. And then they sit there and they lecture Israel, how they should take quote, Palestinians, and that just means Arabs getting out of their countries and going to Israel who Oh,

Jordan  27:33
really, really doesn't understand the whole Israeli Palestine thing. It's not take Palestinian refugees, it's you're killing Palestinians, but he's stealing their land.

Jordan  27:47
In this instance, he's no, you're you're even misunderstanding the bullshit that he's saying. Yeah, that's pretty saying that Saudi Arabia is refuses to take a single refugee, particularly the Syrian refugees, right, and the Syrians are going to Israel, they're like saying, You got to Israel, you got to take them. And then once the Syrians get there, because they're Arabic, now they're Palestinians. Oh, that's what he say, Oh, that makes sense, then, but I also want to say this,

Jordan  28:13
and I'm gonna, that's what he's saying. Basically, I was giving him far too much credit. Because that makes zero sense.

Jordan  28:22
Saudi Foreign Ministry officials claimed that the nation has received nearly 2.5 million Syrian since 2011. However, the BBC reports that Saudi Arabia has led in 500,000 Syrian refugees since 2011, while Arab News reported that Saudi Arabia was already home to 500,000 Syrians, so

Jordan  28:40
Okay, so what's what's the so we're saying that Saudi Arabia is lying about taking in 500,000 refugees because they were already fine. Well, that's

Jordan  28:50
an addition.

Jordan  28:51
That's an addition. Yes.

Jordan  28:53
Wow. million 500 million, or 500,000 is the low end estimate that people are giving right, whereas Saudi Arabia itself says it's 2.5 million.

Jordan  29:02
So it's somewhere between let's let's call it in between,

Jordan  29:05
I'll tell you what, it's not it's not zero.

Jordan  29:07
Yeah. It's definitely not zero because it's a million times more than the number we've taken in.

Jordan  29:13
Well, we've Well, I mean, since a couple of months ago, we were taking in quite a few before. Not really we're taking some we were taken in very few should have taken in more but should totally have taken in more but before old man Trump got involved old man Trump for old man Trump got in the house we were taken in some agreed we should take in more but be that as it may, Alex's whole narrative is busted. They're thick. No, they don't dumb they don't take in any but now. Fuckin billions of princes getting billions of dollars. Condition cities do

Jordan  29:49
not understand money or science or what a tent a tent. Did he say? Like they have three big air conditioned tents city temps that have ours millions of people's

Jordan  30:01
he's talking about like refugee camps that allegedly are empty. And this is something I haven't researched but I don't think is true. I can't speak to this, but he likes to make the claim that like Saudi Arabia has these giant refugee camps that are air conditioned. And just for giggles, they don't let anyone live in them.

Jordan  30:20
That is pretty funny.

Jordan  30:22
That's a great prank.

Jordan  30:23
That is a pretty funny prank.

Jordan  30:24
Yeah, Johnny Knoxville sitting there. Like I should have thought of that. Yeah.

Jordan  30:28
He just doesn't have the seed money for it. Oh, that's true. As far as really gotta raise a lot of money they would need a Saudi prince to find one of those 300 Exactly.

Jordan  30:38
I think he's thinking of the Spartans. 300 For

Jordan  30:41
instance, get billions of dollars a

Jordan  30:44
year some of them get billions some million most of them give me

Jordan  30:47
and I love his I love his quote. You just get billions of dollars because you're because you're what Saudi prince and then moving on and that was it.

Jordan  30:58
Well, I mean, I mean, Trump's kids got millions of dollars just for being no

Jordan  31:02
talk a fake news just for being vague knows what are they are they just some sort of royalty that they're because their parents are wealthy with power, they going to be wealthy with power to I mean, that's, we should get rid of the estate tax. But again,

Jordan  31:18
like let's let's just try and keep track of what he's talking about and how this all fits. Like from clip to clip, it's gonna be very was

Jordan  31:28
there a narrative arc to this? There's not but it's so far I've seen very little even clause to clause we're dealing with completely different sub,

Jordan  31:36
there's no narrative arc, but that's what I want to keep track of it. Again, I have not cut out anything from in between. This is a full 30 Okay, this is literally there's nothing that like, there's okay, I could see Alex wishing that I had been like sitting here before you came over and just been giggling and taking out all the words that make this make sense. Yeah. But I didn't know. I had no time to do that. I just got off work.

Jordan  32:00
I now I kind of want to just write a transcript down for the rest of the episode word for word. Okay. We'll put it in the book.

Jordan  32:06
Here's here's the next clip. And I want to say within about two or three clips, we're gonna get into juice city. juicy stuff. But we're still a little bit in the preamble. Which if this is the preamble, and it's this fucked up? Yeah, I don't I still, you're starting to maybe get a sense why I called this manna from heaven.

Jordan  32:26
I'm still wait. So the dog's name is Knock, knock. Why did they name the dog knock

Jordan  32:32
Kurt, Saudi princes. All right. Here we go.

Alex Jones  32:38
It's not that I'm even against Israel or for Israel. I don't say that. I come on some fence. I get to see the Jewish newspapers in Israel attacked me all day and make crap up. Because I'm not anti Israel like George Soros. I mean, I get it. I can't be allowed to have any credibility. I'm not gonna I mean, I understand. I just know Israel. Israel in the world, the globalist around the world.

Jordan  33:06
Wait, what? What's up? Where are you confused?

Jordan  33:09
All of that? All of that. Okay. So it's not that he's for or against Israel, though. In our previous clips from this very episode. He has said he's very pro Israel. Sure. Jewish newspapers are attacking him constantly. Well, there was

Jordan  33:26
that one. Because he kept talking about the Jewish mafia, led by George Soros helped the Nazis in World War Two.

Jordan  33:34
But they're attacking him. He gets to see him every day attacking him every day, because he's not anti Israel, like George Soros. So is he saying that the Jewish newspapers Yes, notoriously state controlled Jewish newspapers are anti Israel. I

Jordan  33:57
think that if you're really trying to track his sentence, that is what he's saying. Which is I was

Jordan  34:03
really trying to do that. Again, which was very difficult should listen to this guy. Start start from

Alex Jones  34:09
square one, but I'm even against Israel or for Israel. I don't say that I'm on some fence. I get to see the Jewish newspapers in Israel attacked me all day and make crap up.

Jordan  34:21
Again, to see them but he did say the Jewish newspapers in Israel, he's not talking about some American Jewish newspaper, no Jewish newspapers in Israel attacking him for what?

Alex Jones  34:32
Cuz I'm not anti Israel like George Soros. I mean, I get it. I can't be allowed to have any credibility. I'm not sure. I mean, I understand. I just know Israel.

Jordan  34:45
What is Israel,

Alex Jones  34:46
Israel in the world, the globalist around the world, which again,

Jordan  34:50
is an anti semitic canard.

Jordan  34:52
So like that does that does really screw up his whole thing?

Jordan  34:55
No, it doesn't. What do you mean? Well,

Jordan  34:57
I mean, the globalist is thinly veiled and I Semitism,

Jordan  35:00
but he doesn't know that. I don't think he gets that.

Jordan  35:05
I mean, that's a good point.

Jordan  35:07
I think that he thinks they're different, but they're not. He hates so

Jordan  35:11
you think the globalists are Jewish? I don't think the globalists exist. You are racist.

Jordan  35:15
The Jewish newspapers are gonna be writing about

Jordan  35:19
you. Oh, if only you are anti Israel like George sorry, but if

Jordan  35:22
I'm anti semitic, maybe they'll write a good piece about me. Who knows

Jordan  35:25
anymore? You. You have to pronounce my little pixie stick backwards.

Jordan  35:32
I love a pixie stick. Otherwise, it'll fall Yeah. Oh, shit. That's so dumb. But

Jordan  35:38
that's unbelievably done more to the point.

Jordan  35:41
I do. I mean, this just came up just now and I think it's fascinating that you didn't quite understand this premise that Alex doesn't understand that the belief in the globalists controlling the world is thinly veiled anti semitism. I assumed he knew that you thought some love you thought that he was consciously anti semitic and choosing to ignore that. Yeah, no, I don't think he knows.

Jordan  36:03
You think he has no idea? Nope.

Jordan  36:06
Based on his inability to read, based on his complete lack of self awareness, I think that he read this dumbass book when he was 12 got this this wild hair up has asked about the globalists and he's gone down that road not realizing that every single cobblestone along the way is anti semitic. He has no idea. He's that dumb. He

Jordan  36:28
is Mr. Magoo. He is an intellectual Magoo, he is just wandering blind and somehow he's become successful. He has no idea what's going on. And

Jordan  36:38
that's because I think a lot of the people who do listen to him get it and think he gets it.

Jordan  36:43
How could you make any other conclusion? Well, because I think

Jordan  36:47
I think a lot of anti Semitic people are big fans.

Jordan  36:51
Of course, and if you were if you were listening to Alex Jones regularly Yeah, and you are anti semitic. Boy, you got plenty of ammo to support your argument to

Jordan  37:00
be fair, most of the conspiracy community the only complaints they really have about him is he's not anti Israel enough. Right. So like

Jordan  37:10
if he but if he were George Soros, and if he were George Soros

Jordan  37:16
were he to be a Soros? Have

Jordan  37:19
we seen the two of them in the same room together? First of all? No. All right, boy, there would

Jordan  37:23
be a fucking bad dinner party.

Jordan  37:30
That would be like a drawing room mystery dinner party in the 20s. Where, who killed Dan? Oh, he killed himself. By the end of this night. We shall know who the killer is. Oh, don't commit

Jordan  37:41
suicide to get away from this. Dad tried to get Alex to shut up and it didn't work. But next time,

Jordan  37:48
though, you had incentive to kill Dan. You did not. You are not the murderer. Yeah. Alex Jones.

Jordan  37:57
So here's the thing you need to know about Alex Jones though despite all this convoluted nonsense and and being a complete idiot what you need to know. I do need I do know that don't point that's hard. That's not what you need to know. What you need to know. Is he is a man of principles.

Jordan  38:11
Oh, no. As you

Alex Jones  38:12
get so sick of the show and illogical sitting back on. Hey, Alex, tell us how Israel runs your life or the Vatican or Lou Taylor runs my life my conscious what's my life? Oh, my conscience is so strong. That even though some things probably aren't good for my family. I do the right thing no matter what's going on. And that's not because I'm some wonderful person. I've got an operating system that I'm not a dirtbag psychopath.

Jordan  38:39
Aren't ill running lion. I know. perfectly right.

Alex Jones  38:41
But I want to do because of the flesh. I'm guilty for that. I think he's

Jordan  38:45
talking about fucking people. I think he's talking about he's talking about hookers. Yeah, that's crazy. Well, he always does the right thing. But you know, me, folks, you folks, you know,

Jordan  38:55
the guy's got to get a nut off. Yeah. What the fuck is that? What is that?

Jordan  39:00
He's telling a lot of truth. I don't think he wants to tell us

Jordan  39:03
what he's like. He's like, I'm guided by my conscience. And sometimes my conscience is so strong that I have to do things that are bad for my family. What the fuck does that mean? Number one second, his next thought is, hey, if sometimes I get tempted by the flesh, I've done something wrong. I feel bad about it.

Jordan  39:20
Like pay for multiple abortions. Yes, not

Jordan  39:24
of the flesh. That's just being a coward.

Jordan  39:26
What do you mean he's fucking some people that he doesn't want to have a kid with?

Jordan  39:30
That's fair, but it could still be a partner of some sort. It could be but what I what I said in paying for multiple abortions is him being a coward. I don't mean that if you get an abortion or coward. I mean, because he's who he is. Yes. Because he yells about responsibility and those sorts of things. And he does not always do the right thing. Yes, absolutely not. But that's fucked up.

Jordan  39:47
That is fucked up.

Jordan  39:48
Yeah, that's that's more evidence of my argument. He has absolutely no self awareness. So the idea that he wouldn't know he's being a big anti Semite, and bigot, makes sense if he thinks he's guided by his conscience,

Jordan  39:58
right. If he's guided by his conscience to screw hookers, then he's always doing the right thing.

Jordan  40:06
But you know what my conscience sometimes tells me I've got to pay a lady for sex. She's got to go to school. She's got she's got to get her education. She's got to pay for college.

Jordan  40:15
Wow, you know, I'm

Jordan  40:16
doing the right thing. You

Jordan  40:17
are a hero.

Jordan  40:18
I'm an absolute hero.

Jordan  40:19
Who else is gonna take care of her? Nobody? Nobody? She's a prostitute. Damn, that's who sex workers without Dan, what would they do?

Jordan  40:28
Let me be clear, I've never gone to

Jordan  40:30
I'm not against it. Just never have. I prefer not to use the word hooker.

Jordan  40:33
I apologize sex worker. I just wanted to make that clear. Tucker's would say something like that. I just don't want somebody to take me out of context much like everyone else does to Alex know what they do? They do take Alex out of context. Time.

Jordan  40:45
If only they had a 13 minute long straight clip of he being if him being batshit insane,

Jordan  40:51
bro. I mean, you know what, it's the compulsion to lie about him is strong. And you know what, he has some thoughts about that.

Alex Jones  40:59
I don't talk about myself all day. But you know, when you're being attacked in 100 Plus newspapers a day, every day, sometimes 1000 newspapers sometimes 5000 seems sometimes every paper in the country they're so controlled and every every major NBC ABC CBS NBC affiliate will attack me and lie about me and I've got to sit there and I gotta take it. He sounds like I got a weak minded people on the street. That don't know that's a lot. I got to sit there and watch them to stay me and hate me. And it doesn't hurt me when they're hating me because of my ego. Oh, it's so hurts. It hurts. makers are deceived. It hurts him so

Jordan  41:37
bad.

Jordan  41:38
He is such a victim.

Jordan  41:39
This is gone. How many clips have you played?

Jordan  41:44
That was number seven. Now keep in mind, not all of them are a minute long. We're now probably four minutes into the clip.

Jordan  41:50
We're only four minutes into the club. Yeah,

Jordan  41:53
this goes places you could not

Jordan  41:54
possibly have already. I've already gone through a weird emotional roller coaster here and again and again. I stress I cut nothing out. He's mad at billionaires who are from Saudi Arabia, not taking refugees, air conditioned tents, air conditioned tents. Jewish newspapers are attacking him. He's got no positive or negative stance on Israel. He does have a pro Israel stance though his dog. His dog was not. And now and now he's starting to cry a little bit because he feels like and he does feel it. Oh, yeah. Like you can hear it in his voice. He's like, everybody. I don't understand why people are being mean to me because everybody picking on what I'm just trying to. I'm just trying to tell the truth. I'm just I'm just texting.

Jordan  42:39
Really thinks he's being bullied. He really does. He doesn't realize that he is the bully. It's so crazy. It's absolutely I mean, it is so delicious.

Jordan  42:47
It's like the extreme. You know, the the phrase like everybody thinks they're the hero of their own story. You're like, yeah, yeah, I mean, everybody, but some people got to know they're the villain. Right? Some people got to know some people got to know they're the gerbils. Yeah, exactly. Story, and Alex Jones has no idea that he is the actual evil here. And even even in his persecution, he has to be Megalo maniacal and say it's sometimes every newspaper in the country.

Jordan  43:13
I did some research on it, actually. In terms of daily newspapers in 2014, there were 13 131 daily newspapers in the country in the United States. Yeah, that's what I thought it's a downward trend. You could probably say there's maybe about 1000 daily newspapers in the States. I'm gonna say two of them have ever covered.

Jordan  43:34
Maybe, well, the New York Times did do that profile. That's one that's one. And then we got

Jordan  43:41
Washington Post maybe did like a piece on him or something. That's possible.

Jordan  43:44
I would go with Austin Chronicle. Toronto Star. Is that an American newspaper? No, sir. Is that a hockey team?

Jordan  43:52
I think it is. Toronto Maple Leafs. Maybe we do not know our hockey new although congratulations on cubs season starting by the way. Yeah, it's very exciting. Has nothing to do with anything. Nope. So anyway,

Jordan  44:06
I mean, it's run by the Ricketts, who are absolutely globalists, even though the globalist people even though Oh, yeah, they totally are. Even though the globalists don't exist. If they did, the Ricketts would

Jordan  44:17
be right on them then Ricketts is a disease right? Hated an old person disease sure is anyway. There's no way 100 newspapers a day are talking about Alex, there's no way zero chance of it. Now again, it goes back to what we talked about all the time, this perception of victimhood he has everything as an attack he's always under attack

Jordan  44:36
combined with that kind of megalomania mania, right and where it's it's not just that people are attacking him and he's a victim of people. It's that the entire system is attacking him which gives him that inflated importance that he wants so badly, but you

Jordan  44:54
would describe that sort of thing as like kind of mental illness probably I would

Jordan  44:58
probably describe it as a A certain type of paranoid delusion

Jordan  45:02
interesting this is going to make this next clip a little bit uncomfortable then

Alex Jones  45:09
and I think about what it'd be like to be that them their slaves you know, I get over it.

Jordan  45:18
Oh no.

Alex Jones  45:20
Austin, Texas is a big site of homeless people because the city doesn't round them off. And they've gotten rid of the mental institutions last 20 started here. So there's schizophrenics and people all over the streets. And almost every major four way stop in downtown Austin the way out 20 miles outside the city has got schizophrenics begging for money. And they're so whacked out of their brain at the town. They're not even asking for money. I don't give money to the con artists that are out there. But as he smiled missing their legs or whatever diabetic I gave him some money but I see those schizophrenics that they're having arguments with themselves they're talking to them for talking to the wind

Jordan  46:00
Jesus Christ here that that is if he were self aware, he would have to have been like, oh there but for the grace of God go I

Jordan  46:11
I am so much like these people. Yeah,

Jordan  46:13
did he? Oh, it's so totally hidden. He didn't connect any of those dots.

Jordan  46:18
No, no. So but you're getting this as like once you know everyone is be everyone's being brainwashed by the media think no, I'm a liar. Everyone. I don't. I feel bad. Because they are so misled. So to make myself feel better.

Jordan  46:33
I go in money.

Jordan  46:34
I go and look at crazy. I go look at Crazy homeless people. That

Jordan  46:39
is kind of what I that is kind of what he meant there, I think or what he said. I think what he meant was he he gives away.

Jordan  46:46
Well, con artists not 100% don't think he could tell no,

Jordan  46:51
absolutely not. So

Jordan  46:52
he's really

Jordan  46:55
they do know their own. He's talking

Jordan  46:56
a big game about how severe the homeless problem is in Austin, Texas. So I pulled up some statistics. And the number one city in America for homeless population la New York, New 75,323 At the last count right below that Los Angeles and surrounding county is 41,174 we go down to Chicago. That's like seven on the list with 6786 Just too many, too many. Austin is a little over 2000. So, I mean,

Jordan  47:30
Austin is a smaller town I think, you know, like relatively speaking,

Jordan  47:33
it's still a pretty big urban center. It's a hot city. The temperature the climate is much better than Chicago. Yeah. So but I mean, that's look I don't want to brag about our homeless population or anything like that, but it's a weird thing to brag about. We are definitely in a place where we are far more regularly in contact with the mentally ill and he's talking about them shutting down mental hospitals that part of town that I live in they that Rahm did shut down a mental hospital around here and it's it's absolute tragedy. Yeah, to see a lot of the times

Jordan  48:03
fucking Reagan it goes all the way back to that horrifying absolute monster of a man Reagan.

Jordan  48:09
Now here's my point. I could understand what he's saying. In terms of like, I've experienced this wandering around and seeing the tragedy of life gone wrong. I don't use that as self care. That's not how I make myself feel better

Jordan  48:22
if you were a schizophrenic that made it out I don't think I still would I think it's a it's it's kind of it's kind of like that small town homeboy story except for it's all schizophrenics they they look at Alex Jones and be like oh boy dang good. Boy gang gotta hear

Jordan  48:40
I it's just so bizarre to me that like that that's his response to seeing mentally ill homeless people is like, hey, you know what? I feel better about the rest of the population.

Jordan  48:54
I guess now, he feels better about him. I guess he explained he

Jordan  48:57
explains a little bit more in the the rest of this clip. So I should let that play and then we can we can get back to this. And I

Alex Jones  49:03
realize here and I am conscious aware of geopolitical systems tied into things no probably nobody else is very few was put to you that way. Not on a power trip to say that but because I followed this path as far down and then every now deeper I go, the connections the discernment the trust I have with people only intensifies. Look at the public. They're like mentally ill schizophrenics talking to themselves. Somebody makes fun of me in a restaurant or comes over knocks Mondrian go with my family. It's my slaps me in the back of the head number at the base of my kids says hey racist Sonic beat your ass you Trump's border. What? I could not get up now and take them down. Because I realized they're a victim. And I don't take any pleasure in that. You Hey man,

Jordan  50:00
does that make it better?

Unknown Speaker  50:02
I have no idea.

Jordan  50:06
Does he think these things are actually happening?

Jordan  50:09
Does he think these thoughts are connected?

Jordan  50:11
That's a good question. No. Does he think people does he, okay? Because that did not happen. We did not go to a restaurant with him and his family and knock his drinks over.

Jordan  50:23
I can't imagine it did. That didn't happen. It's within the realm of possible but it's very unlikely.

Jordan  50:29
He definitely wasn't hit on the back of the head at the beach with his kids. And someone

Jordan  50:33
was like, Hey, I wanna kick your ass you Trump supporter. Yeah, we're not a thing. If they if they did do that. They'd be like, I'm gonna kick your ass Alex Jones. Everyone knows

Jordan  50:42
exactly what he's on. He's on the beach. He's like, What does he know? How do you know he's a Trump supporter? Is he wearing a maga? He's wearing his magoha times

Jordan  50:53
that's good Maga speed. I mean, Speedo. G G over the deck. I would

Jordan  50:59
wear a maga Speedo. Make Americans deck great again.

Jordan  51:04
The idea that someone who want to beat him up for supporting Trump is like in my mind that's way low on

Jordan  51:10
the list of things you want to beat Alex Jones number eight. Yeah, way low on the list barely ranks. So but but but again, if he because he sounds like he believes these things actually happened? Yeah. Yeah. Sounds really convinced these things actually happen.

Jordan  51:29
I imagined when he was out at a restaurant someone bumped into him and like you knocked over a glass accidentally and he took it as like the guy poker knocked over my glass you probably

Jordan  51:38
Hillary right? Is that maybe somebody hit him with the frisbee

Jordan  51:42
is that is that John Podesta? Throwing that frisbee

Jordan  51:44
is that John Podesta? Throwing that frisbee might have been? That's my new game. He

Jordan  51:47
loves frisbee golf. He loves extreme. Anyway. I also want to say that that clip doesn't make his stance on viewing the mentally ill any better.

Jordan  51:59
No, no. It provides more ammunition for him being personally mentally ill well he

Jordan  52:05
fakes crying and it's like every one is like this, but me.

Jordan  52:10
Yeah. You know, like a person without mental illness does like a schizophrenic person. Yeah. Exactly like that.

Jordan  52:18
Oh man, he just needs to sit down with John Rapoport so he can tell him that the DSM four isn't real. No, don't worry that you fit this diagnosis.

Jordan  52:27
Look, let me hear let's just do it one more time. Let's just go down the list you tell me which things you believe. Okay. Persistent feelings of paranoia and everybody's out totally. That's not we're not off to a good start. But I thought you were being rapport I am being grabbed before you. Even even in this scenario, Rappaport starts to be concerned at number one

Jordan  52:48
don't judge me Hey pick up the goddamn

Jordan  52:54
I got I got my DSM for you. Number one. Do you hang up fucking Payton's All right well, you're the one who's crazy

Jordan  53:03
how was Alex not notice that? I have no idea. John Roberts been on for years.

Jordan  53:09
How? Or maybe more importantly, why is this driving us insane? Because his fucking painting because it's the littlest

Jordan  53:20
it's the smallest thing and it's so bizarre. Like I'm not interested in why he doesn't get a better microphone that doesn't like totally showcases denture denture mouth Nope. I don't care about that. That's no no whatever. Do you live your life Rapoport Do you like the headset? I got it. It's cool.

Jordan  53:37
Is it set deck? It takes us he have a set decorator on hand to to put this whole set together

Jordan  53:46
specifically to

Jordan  53:47
drive us crazy specifically to drive us crazy. It's possible I like like the Set Decorator from the Addams Family. Who just like how do we make this room look a little bit more decrepit? Just slightly off I know and unhung portrait,

Jordan  54:02
but it would be super weird.

Jordan  54:04
It would be terrifying. It would drive two people insane. It's

Jordan  54:07
this is the closest that we come to you and I being like on Mystery Science Theater is being driven nuts by John Rapoport. Anyway, hanging up Rapoport

Jordan  54:19
and Mystery Science Theater comes back this

Jordan  54:20
Friday. It does is very exciting. Very exciting. Jordan. Yes. This clip is about to take a turn that you could not possibly predict. I

Jordan  54:31
of course not. We've already been crying after princes get billions of dollars again.

Jordan  54:37
Cut out nothing. Okay. Nothing. All right. Alex was just talking about who doesn't want to beat up people who are dumb.

Jordan  54:46
And he doesn't take any joy in it. No. But if he has been a victim,

Jordan  54:49
I guess if he did take joy in it, he could beat up victims. I don't know. But again, it's

Jordan  54:54
just he has insinuated that he would like to beat up victims in the past

Jordan  54:57
he certainly emotionally and verbally beat up plenty of victims absolutely especially these refugees, that Saudi Arabia is taking him. But anyway, this next clip hold on to your fucking hat. All right, because this is weird.

Jordan  55:11
Okay

Alex Jones  55:11
I'll tell you this for we got to Dominique and everybody else been holding like patriots. I realized something that is fundamental our species on this planet in this great experiment we're part of Oh, fuck if the species is destroyed through war, genetic engineering, natural disaster, everything our species did before us. Everything our ancestors didn't survive is destroyed. That's

Jordan  55:43
not the crazy part.

Jordan  55:45
That's not I mean, that's kind of just accurate. I guess. I

Jordan  55:49
just wanted to stop there to point out that he just realized

Jordan  55:57
that can't be real. Like if yes, you have thought about that before? Of

Jordan  56:01
course, if the world blows up, it doesn't matter what happened in Greece. No one's gonna remember Yeah, annals of history go away if the world

Jordan  56:07
ends did he not

Jordan  56:08
realize that apparently not

Jordan  56:10
really think he did? Or do you think he thinks his listeners didn't realize that maybe he's trying to blow minds? I think that's more along the lines of what he's it's possible, I think, I think he knows I think he's, I think he feels like he's the only person who knew that. Who is thought this out in advance is like, Hey, I don't know if you idiots threatened a nuclear war. No, this Oh, see, that's what if you kill everybody, everybody's dad.

Jordan  56:35
See, that's more aggressive than the fantasy version I had based on what we were saying. Okay, I imagined him as the fake deep guy and a smoker. So pass around a joint

Jordan  56:45
Right, right. Do you ever consider that?

Jordan  56:50
The World Ends. All history goes away, just past the goddamn joint. Now, here's the part that is super fucked up. Because again, we've been talking about Saudi Arabia having air conditioned tents,

Jordan  57:05
Prince, Israel, non pseudo electricals, non canceled drowning people. 100 Plus newspapers.

Jordan  57:11
Everybody lies about ourselves drowning. People

Jordan  57:13
can't save drowning people. This

Jordan  57:14
is so weird. Here we go.

Alex Jones  57:18
And so for me, we're in a long term war for humanity to escape the planet.

Jordan  57:28
Yep. We got to leave.

Jordan  57:32
All right. All right now. Now I see what's happening. Now I see what you do. Yeah, yeah. It's obvious. It's obvious. Now. We've put we've connected all the dots with that one set. Everything makes sense. No. No, everything makes perfect sense. We have to destroy the planet we're on in order to give us the improper motivation to get off this planet and spread throughout the universe. How do we destroy the planet? We're on Trump, somebody must come to power who will facilitate the actual destruction of humanity,

Jordan  58:10
but that's banish. I think that Steve Bannon ish. Yeah, but that's not

Jordan  58:15
Alex Jones in it. No, no, no,

Jordan  58:16
no, no, no, I don't think so. No,

Jordan  58:18
I don't think so either. But he doesn't know that he's the pawn of Steve Bannon.

Jordan  58:21
That's probably true. Well, he just

Jordan  58:23
he's just a man who wants to

Jordan  58:24
see the stars much like he doesn't realize he's anti semitic. He doesn't realize he's being played like a, like a, like a $5. fiddle.

Jordan  58:32
We're in a we're in a war to get off this planet. Wow. Who's Who's Who are we in a war

Jordan  58:38
with ourselves?

Jordan  58:39
The the globalist time or the globalist trying to keep us from getting off this planet? I don't know

Jordan  58:44
because he always talks about how the globalists are a breakaway civilization. I think he's afraid that they're gonna go to space and leave us behind. Like Elysium because he loves movies. The so I think that that he has talked about that a whole bunch. But, boy, I mean, that does that mean, none of these thoughts track at all, but again, you

Jordan  59:07
You sound together. It sounds listen. I'm Alex Jones. Get your ass to Mars.

Jordan  59:15
And by Mars therapy. You agree with me? Right? I mean, like he, he doesn't sound drunk. No, he is definitely not drunk of all the times we've listened to me like this guy's This is not drunk. He's saying drunk out. He's saying nonsense, but this isn't the right hobo.

Jordan  59:30
This is Alex Jones. on the cusp of a breakthrough. This is his brain kind of spinning around like a like a washing machine. Oh, he's on the cusp of figuring something out. No.

Jordan  59:43
You know what it is? What? This is Alex Jones when a guest has canceled. He's had to talk to that lady on the phone that I told you about earlier. Right? And Buckley. His producer is going to stretch it he's like fuck, I got nothing. I'm sober. What am I going to do? Fuck I don't know. Talk weird about Have a victim and then talk about space I guess I don't know who knows.

Jordan  1:00:03
So he so you think he's just gotten anything he's just refund straight off the dome?

Jordan  1:00:08
I don't know because I know I know where all this goes. And I don't think he had a thesis like based on how he started it was talking about how everyone thinks he's anti semitic that's not how it ends. That's how it middle so

Jordan  1:00:21
he doesn't he doesn't resolve that conflict. Oh, well,

Jordan  1:00:25
he kind of did with the Jewish newspaper bit, but like I don't like there's I don't know. I don't know. I listened to this. The all the way through. I don't know what the point is. I know how it ends. I don't know. All right. All right. But listen to this and I'm as confused as you I'm trying to figure it out.

Jordan  1:00:41
All I know right now is all of this is leading up to we need to steal billions of dollars from Saudi princes. We need to use them to stop the Israeli globalist newspapers from criticizing Alex Jones get those Alex hounds bring them to Austin Exactly. What do you build an air conditioned tents, spaceships? This is obvious if he's homeless people. Yeah.

Jordan  1:01:10
Shoot the homeless in space. So Alex doesn't have to look at him anymore. That's not what he said. I'm putting on actually be

Jordan  1:01:16
him be very, very sad.

Jordan  1:01:18
So we're gonna talk about fucking this next clip. So he has just said that he the way it's a battle to get off the planet. Yes,

Jordan  1:01:26
it's a war to get off the planet.

Jordan  1:01:28
This next clip made me so bummed out. And it might be an explanation for some of his toxic masculinity, unfortunately, okay, like how the fuck is that make sense? Yeah, you'll see.

Alex Jones  1:01:41
Planets beautiful. I love it. Just like I love my mommy when I was six years old. Oh, god. No. When I was about six years old, she kicked me off her lap. said you can't be a mama's boy. Now. You don't get any more love because you're only a man

Alex Jones  1:02:00
that's what it comes down to.

Jordan  1:02:02
Oh, we just figured it out. That just happened right there. We just got the we just got the flashback explains everything.

Jordan  1:02:11
Rosetta Stone. Yeah,

Jordan  1:02:13
that's right. That's what that's like the, like, whatever they do serial killer backgrounds. That's always the moment where you're like, oh, it began right there because there was

Jordan  1:02:22
emotionally abusive. Like, I don't know if that was one incident that happened to him in his past when his mom was like, you don't get love no more. You don't want to be a mama's boy. He didn't say.

Jordan  1:02:34
She said you don't get love. No more is crazy. He said she said those exact words,

Jordan  1:02:40
which makes you think that it's probably an actual memory of his Yeah, the fact that he's using, like, a line of dialogue of hers.

Jordan  1:02:48
Yeah. And he's not being overly overly specific like he normally does when he's he's lying building the lie. Yeah, he's not like, I remember I was on the porch with my mom was sitting on her lap. She was wearing a floral print dress right women did back in those days. He's sitting on a rocking chair, rocking back and forth. And then she slaps me and may you know get no love. No.

Jordan  1:03:08
And I think that long pause is more in effect of like, Oh, why did I say that? Yeah, less. That he's being like, actually really emotional. And that's another indication that something is bullshit is when he starts fake crying and stuff like that. Right? He's not overtly like, I watched the video. He's not overtly like fake crying like he does but and he's full of shit. Yeah, when he's talking about mama kicked me off the lap. You know, that sort of thing. It's just sort of like I might have happened. I feel really bad for you.

Jordan  1:03:36
Yeah, that's a that's a that's a Peter like stone that that holds up that church right

Jordan  1:03:41
there. My mom was not like the most attentive to my needs and what have you. But she wasn't nearly that bad. Like, and I'm still dealing with it as a 32 year old. Like I'm still in therapy, talking about how my mom was way too distant. I won't have you

Jordan  1:04:00
sharing too much. No, I'm not. I know.

Jordan  1:04:02
I'm just you know, I'm being I know. You're

Jordan  1:04:04
just being Alex Jones.

Jordan  1:04:06
No. I'm dealing.

Jordan  1:04:08
I know. I don't I really, really, really under eye like I feel terrible about that smartass comment. I'm so sorry. genuine emotion makes me feel uncomfortable

Jordan  1:04:19
isn't our focus is out. Suddenly we get

Jordan  1:04:21
very weird.

Jordan  1:04:23
Jordan how you will know? Dude,

Jordan  1:04:25
I don't know.

Jordan  1:04:28
That's always the best answer.

Jordan  1:04:30
No fucking idea man who knows. So his

Jordan  1:04:33
mom abused him. Alex definitely had at least emotional abuse from his mom and and you know, he's clearly hero worships his dad who's a CIA dentist of some sort. Yes. And so it kind of makes sense. A lot of these really bad ideas about gender roles and, and about masculinity. And the idea that his maternal figure would be like, Don't be a pussy. You're a man. that reinforces even further all of these masculinity ideas. That's terrifying. I can't imagine what that would be like for a child. Although I do know that when his mom threw him off of leg that was six, which is when he was reading military history.

Jordan  1:05:14
So, maybe Alex Jones, you started, you should have started relating more to your mother, instead of reading military history books. What did she like to do? Did you ever consider that Alexander what

Jordan  1:05:25
she's like, it's outside the scope of our show. And I'm very curious, I'm

Jordan  1:05:28
gonna go with probably a lot nicer than we could ever have imagined. Yeah, I mean, I bet she turns out to be a fucking saint. And Alex Jones is just a fucking lunatic.

Jordan  1:05:37
Yeah, based on the fact that Alex is such a liar. I bet maybe she is a decent person. Yeah, I bet she's great. I have no idea. But I do know that you wouldn't tell that story on,

Jordan  1:05:45
she would come on our show. Oh, that'd be great. That would be great.

Jordan  1:05:48
I look whether his mom was the perpetrator of some sort of child abuse against him when he was younger or not. I don't know.

Jordan  1:05:56
In his mind, she was yes. So regardless of our objective reality, which has very little bearing on this show, period,

Jordan  1:06:04
and but also the bigger point is that whether she was the perpetrator or not something fucking happen. Oh, yeah. Because that you don't you don't come on air on your second nationally syndicated radio show and say something like that if there wasn't some sort of an incident. Yeah. Now he's, like, I don't remember shit about when I was six. Like, at least not specifics, like not a ton of specifics. So the but I'm

Jordan  1:06:25
assuming if your mom had told you, you don't get love no more, you would remember that? I

Jordan  1:06:30
bet if a neighbor's parent told you that, you might conflate it in your brain and think it was your mom. There's all sorts of things or an aunt or grandma or something like that. There's all kinds of possibilities, or

Jordan  1:06:41
have we considered that as mom has actually been dead this whole time

Jordan  1:06:44
where this is like a sixth sense

Jordan  1:06:45
thing? Yeah. Or, okay. Theory. I'm listening. His mom died in childbirth having him. So he has always had this resentment towards women for not being around in his life. He was raised by a dad, he was taught how to hunt. He was taught how to do all of this stuff, because he never had a female experience.

Jordan  1:07:07
Because his dad remarried a wolf egg.

Jordan  1:07:11
Yep, that wins. Yep, very. doesn't get you that's he's bad. Actually married a three Wolf Moon t shirt. That's what happened. All right. So

Jordan  1:07:21
this next clip, I don't really know what to say about it.

Alex Jones  1:07:25
And our destiny is right there in our hands right now. Right now, the whole future, unlimited. Humans cannot even imagine what is in store for us. Time eras are our progeny will look back and were successful on us. As the heroes the blade, the cornerstone for everything we do after this. That is unlimited. We have to escape this test. Then we destroy ourselves. There'll be other tests. No,

Jordan  1:08:06
I'm not sure what that means.

Jordan  1:08:07
No. Okay. One, you don't escape a test? Well, you either pass

Jordan  1:08:10
it or fail. The test he's talking about is the earth right. So we have to escape the Earth. Yes. And if we don't, that's our destiny if we don't escape the earth? No, no. If we destroy ourselves, right, then there's just gonna be more tests which we've already destroyed ourselves. Yeah,

Jordan  1:08:27
we'll all be dead right now. What? I'm no idea.

Jordan  1:08:31
Start. Start that from the beginning.

Jordan  1:08:33
I don't know if I can.

Jordan  1:08:35
There's a whole there's a whole future. Actually, you know, I just want to hear the last five words

Jordan  1:08:40
again. I can't it's 40 seconds long.

Alex Jones  1:08:43
We're meant to in our destiny, our destiny,

Jordan  1:08:48
right there

Alex Jones  1:08:50
in our hands right now. Hallowed be thy name, the whole future, unlimited. Humans cannot even imagine what is in store for us. What are our progeny will look back if we're successful?

Jordan  1:09:03
What did he just say? What do you mean humans cannot remember our raw Virta imagine? Humans cannot imagine what is in store for us in store for us. I

Jordan  1:09:13
think that's what he was saying. All right. You know what the other thing that I've noticed about him a lot is like because he I think maybe it's because he's Texan or whatever. But he makes me really mad a lot of the times because he has some similarities to like dusty roads. And I love dusty roads. Because sometimes when he gets wet sometimes when he gets worked up because he's talking about it's it's right there in our hands. And I like that kind of makes me think of the hard times promo where Dusty Rhodes is talking about my hand is reaching out for your hand. Like Dusty Rhodes is great. He is a working class hero. He's everything I love. And Alex Jones sucks.

Jordan  1:09:49
Alex Jones is is the polar

Jordan  1:09:50
opposite. Yeah, it sounds like kind of makes me bummed out that he has some he's the Lex

Jordan  1:09:54
Luthor to, to his.

Jordan  1:09:56
He's the Ric Flair to this Dusty Rhodes Yeah, it sucks that the verbal similarities are there there because sometimes it just gets up in my head. Yeah,

Jordan  1:10:04
I'm pretty sure it's just everybody from Texas. That's what they sound like. Yeah.

Alex Jones  1:10:07
On us as the heroes that laid the cornerstone for everything we do after this, that is unlimited. We have to escape this test.

Jordan  1:10:20
That is literally the definition of history. Every generation is looked back upon as being the fount the cornerstone for what happened for the next generation. Yeah, those

Jordan  1:10:37
who did things in the past have set the table for the present. Yeah,

Jordan  1:10:40
that's everything. Yep. That's everybody. Like they'll still like if we make it off, they'll still be like, you know, that guy, Socrates. He was pretty cool, too. Yeah, they're gonna remember that. Maybe not Socrates. Maybe let's go with Galileo.

Jordan  1:10:55
I've lost track of what you're saying. Because I'm so excited about what's about All right. Let's bail the knot. I'm

Jordan  1:11:01
sorry. I'm just trying to I'm just trying to figure out how he thinks history works.

Jordan  1:11:05
Time is a circle. He watched you know what, I think he's watched True Detective.

Jordan  1:11:12
That's what he's he's he sounds like he's from Texas, right?

Jordan  1:11:15
Yeah. I mean, all those all his beliefs about the elite sex rings and what have you certainly matches those back. Yeah. Anyway, this next clip actually is not what I'm super excited about but the clip after

Jordan  1:11:27
tease it so is it like a like a sex worker shit.

Jordan  1:11:31
Now this next clip, there's one I'm playing right now. I don't remember what it says the title of it is Lindsey Graham sucks. Fair enough. Lindsey Graham sucks.

Alex Jones  1:11:39
People like less. Lindsey Graham, people like John McCain. They want temporal power. Now. They want control. They want to show the planet they're in charge. Instead of chivalry and honor and building something true. Not because others won't stab you in the back. But because you're going to trailblaze the planet, the path the future. That's interesting. What

Jordan  1:12:05
the fuck is he talking about? I have no idea. But those aren't words that make sense, isn't it? It just you can't combine all those words.

Jordan  1:12:11
Isn't it interesting that he's stammering and kind of like screwing up words more than when he's drunk? Yeah, he's clearly sober. And he's not. He said, The we will be the ones who have laid the foundation. He said blade, the Foundation. He fucked up a word and that sentence. It's insane. Like when he was drunk. He is very clear.

Jordan  1:12:32
I just kind of I think he just doesn't care right now.

Jordan  1:12:36
I mean, it does go back to my argument that he's just filling time.

Jordan  1:12:41
But he seems really sad sort of seems he seems out of it.

Jordan  1:12:46
I don't want to go back to the callers. No, we're not doing they have burned me. That sort of thing. That's what's going on in his mind. He's like, Oh, shit, that interview with Simon. I really just got worried that his name wasn't savage. That because it sounds so stupid. That interview with savage didn't go as well as I wanted it to. He seems to be veering away from Trump. Oh, no. What's going on? Come back from break, do a little karaoke. Then I'm going to talk nonsense.

Jordan  1:13:13
You might as well just be doing that.

Jordan  1:13:15
He he basically does by the office. Yeah. That's all he's doing. Exciting. All right. All right. And I've built this up, built this up this next clip up quite a bit. Yes. No, I want to say this. Don't say a word over this.

Jordan  1:13:30
I'm not touching it. And I already I could already sense in advance that you would not want me to

Jordan  1:13:34
speak what I'm going to do is I'm going to stare at your face. Because I because I want to try and sense the exact moment that you realize what he's talking about. Because it's unclear at first, but then it becomes clear, and you will revel in this bullshit.

Jordan  1:13:54
All right, you're gonna you're given me a lot of credit. This also

Jordan  1:13:57
might be a slight indication that he listens to our show. Or it's possible he's seen one of our tweets. Okay, one of the two. Okay, but oh man, here we go.

Alex Jones  1:14:09
You look at China. You look at North Korea, you look at the things that are happening. And you can see how much danger this planet is in

Alex Jones  1:14:26
that's why I get guilty when I get angry or say things tongue in cheek. Or my dog dies. My dog had just died the night before. blood pouring out his nose and mouth. Man complaining I'm telling the story. My dog just died the night before I'm going up all night long burying the next day my parents they were on vacation it was their dog used to be my dog stay with me. Blood was pouring out he was dying to chase the cat around for hours playing had a heart attack died. aneurysm whatever it was blood was coming out I shouldn't have gone to work that day and I shouldn't have been up that night. The tighter I am the more I work at like 11 o'clock at night saying you call me Russian agent. I'll punch you in the nose and all this stuff. That was me just sad about my dog. Because the truth is somebody's calling me stuff. I'm not that they really made me that man.

Jordan  1:15:15
Yeah, whoa. Whoa, oh, shit.

Dan  1:15:21
What bullshit.

Jordan  1:15:23
here's the here's the even crazier part. Yeah, that just reminded me of whenever he said he had to beat his dog to death.

Jordan  1:15:29
Well, no, he had to beat someone else's doctor. Oh, that's right. Yeah. Well, because he's dumb.

Jordan  1:15:34
But yeah, that dog is dead. Wow. So he's saying that instead of him being shit faced? Yeah, he was just sad over his parents dog having a heart attack and blood coming out of it's just what

Jordan  1:15:45
happens when you have a heart attack?

Jordan  1:15:47
Is that what happens when you have? I don't think

Jordan  1:15:50
that's what happens when you have an aneurysm either. No, I don't think so. I don't understand the visual of it. But holy shit. That whole thing. We covered that entire episode where he's drunk for two hours again. I have pictures of the that he's drinking out of. He's wasted. I was just sad about my dog dying. How are you fucking coward.

Jordan  1:16:10
He might actually be the only people who said he was drunk. Yeah,

Jordan  1:16:14
I've never seen I've not seen that from anybody. No, I've not seen that reported except for on knowledge fight that

Jordan  1:16:19
we have breaking news. Yeah, and exclusive. We know when Alex Jones is drunk or sad

Jordan  1:16:25
about his dog.

Jordan  1:16:28
Or drunk because he said about his dog. I would drink if my dog just died. You know what? Totally fine. Yeah, totally fine. As long as he owns up hey, my dog died.

Jordan  1:16:38
Yeah, the only thing that I agree with him like the truth in there is I shouldn't have gone to work.

Jordan  1:16:46
That is a really good point. Excuses. Also, he wasn't going to work. No. That was all on his own. That was in the EVO is a special report. He didn't have to do that period. Oh, since even like he was going to work.

Jordan  1:16:58
Also when he says it was at 11 o'clock at night. He's lying. It's time stamped. He says it's nine o'clock in the middle of that episode. So it's two hours earlier

Jordan  1:17:07
than that. Yeah. You said it well that he was drunk enough not to know what time but 11 o'clock.

Jordan  1:17:11
You know, that is kind of like, okay, you've been up all day. And now it's 11 o'clock. Spoiler alert. We're recording this at 845. Yeah, so you want to timestamp this?

Jordan  1:17:22
But like, and neither of our dogs have died today? No.

Jordan  1:17:26
I don't even have a dog. I got a cat. I'm a cat. Do Coverity Alex. My point is when I did that, holy shit. I got so excited. Because this has been minutes of tangential nonsense unrelated to anything. And then he says the world is in danger. Super long pause.

Jordan  1:17:49
Crazy long pause. And then I thought I was I looked at you because you were? Well, one because you had this weird rhythm thing where every second you were turning your head a little bit. You'd shifting it?

Jordan  1:18:01
I'm right in perfect time. Am I because of my hair?

Jordan  1:18:03
Yeah. And it was forever. Yeah, it was. It was so long.

Jordan  1:18:07
Yeah. And then he's like, shouldn't have gone to work. And he he doesn't even say what he's talking about.

Jordan  1:18:16
No, but he we know exactly. What do you

Jordan  1:18:18
represent? I bet there's a lot of people who listen to that was like, Oh, that's really sad. Sorry to hear that. Alex who came to work when you shouldn't have Yeah, now you have no idea that he's talking about time he was fucking wasted on air. Yeah, fucking wasted shit show I don't care how sad you are about your dog that the ways to learn clip. There's no fucking way that sadness.

Jordan  1:18:38
I mean, it's it's recognition of his own mortality. I

Jordan  1:18:42
don't know. But back to what we were saying. We got we got four ways to

Jordan  1:18:45
learn. And one of them is

Jordan  1:18:46
when your dog dies. If you'd said that we have way more context. Yeah, well,

Jordan  1:18:51
we might use emotional state, we might have more common ground

Jordan  1:18:55
them too. But also the the idea that we got sort of sidetracked off this, but like if his dog died, and it was grizzly, like he's describing and he's like, I got a drink. That totally makes sense. I get it. Yeah, I get it. And you shouldn't go into work. We agree. But if you're drunk, if you're sad about your dog, and then you start screaming obscenities because the gloves are off, and then you get homophobic. You talk about wanting to sell your car and then misaligned Muslims.

Jordan  1:19:22
The part where he talks about that's that's the part that really should have been in his him being like, I bought this car it was something other than nothing more Americana. What would have been great if you know how everybody loves $300,000 cars,

Jordan  1:19:37
you know, it'd be great as if there was a link to that episode like on Backpage or something like that. Like someone trying to sell a car. Yeah. You need a car listen to this episode. Because he's moving.

Jordan  1:19:47
Alex Jones is trying to get rid of that. rarely used

Jordan  1:19:52
What a coward though. Like what a fucking coward. Just Own your dog.

Jordan  1:19:56
Well, but imagine if he said on air that he was drunk. Come on air.

Jordan  1:20:01
I would respect him so much more.

Jordan  1:20:03
Yeah, but his listeners wouldn't. Who's to say? That's a good point?

Jordan  1:20:08
I mean, In for a penny. Good point. You're like I don't

Jordan  1:20:11
he would he would win like that more support and be like, Yeah, we go to work drunk too, or

Jordan  1:20:17
while there's that dumb crowd, but then there's also the idea of like, he's so into this weird version of Christianity and like, demons and what have you, if he was to try and use it as like, I could see him like, because we're never gonna let this go. No, it's so well documented. Oh, yeah. But like, if he were to twist it, he could defeat us. You know? Like, I have a problem with alcohol. Yeah. And you know, the Lord is helping me with it. He could win over even more people

Jordan  1:20:47
in the same way that he said he has a problem with sex workers and the temptations of the flesh. All we know is it has to do with the flesh color anything Yeah. Now he used the flesh in that that in Bible Speak. We know what that means. Oh, of course, because that's we know Bible Speak. That's

Jordan  1:21:02
how they refer to it in the Bible. Yeah, yeah. Anyway,

Jordan  1:21:05
they don't just say fucking,

Jordan  1:21:06
I think you now realize why I needed to go over this. Yeah. That's that when I was walking home from the train. Yeah. Bring in your step. Well, I heard this. I was like, holy shit. I literally yelled holy shit on the street. Like, you asshole. Scoop you fucking asshole, Alex. Alright, so this next clip, he does not go more into his dog. But he does say something at the end of this clip that I really want to get into. So here we go.

Alex Jones  1:21:38
The reason I get it all this is that.

Jordan  1:21:40
Yes, please tell us why.

Alex Jones  1:21:44
There's a very good chance. We're going to destroy ourselves. There's a very good chance we're gonna have a nuclear winter. And that 6 million people are gonna die. Good point, foxes the World War, I guess the meek in the South Pacific. If the war isn't too intense, might live la radiation poisoning deformities, but they're gonna survive. Well, I guess the meek will inherit the earth. And I guess like the Bible says, you know, two thirds of the planet will be killed.

Jordan  1:22:10
I don't think that's in the Bible. It's not.

Alex Jones  1:22:14
And I'm just a little guilty that I don't have a strong enough flesh to convince my family to leave.

Jordan  1:22:21
I think

Jordan  1:22:24
does he? Is he telling his family to go to space? No,

Jordan  1:22:28
he's gonna he's gonna talk a little bit more about it in the next clip. Well, I like what he's specifically talking. He's talking about fleeing. Yeah, he's talking about going south. Yeah, no. But what I want to take away from that I think is more important is that his family doesn't believe him.

Jordan  1:22:45
They do not believe him at all. They think he's crazy.

Jordan  1:22:47
He is crazy. They're like, but here's, there's a nuclear war. And we got to get out of here, Alex, stop. But that's the problem.

Jordan  1:22:54
This time he is right. No, I think he's on the right on this one. I cried wolf too many times. He's cried Apocalypse too many times.

Jordan  1:23:04
My fears think he could be right and in terms of the global situation, but my more rational brain knows that will most likely de escalate that before it happens. I still think that humanity has enough sense. But who's arised a lot?

Jordan  1:23:21
No, I would have said that a year ago. Now all look, the gloves are off. It's Thunderdome and the gloves being off means we're all gonna die. You won't be shocked. Look, we should put those gloves right back on.

Jordan  1:23:35
Yeah, but I think more specifically, what I'm saying is if I have to choose between trusting Alex or his family, I gotta go his family.

Jordan  1:23:47
That's a tough nut to crack right

Jordan  1:23:49
there. Well, his kids don't have a choice in the situation. But then again, his spouse chose to be with him. It's very tough. Yeah. But she

Jordan  1:23:58
divorced him though, right?

Jordan  1:23:59
I don't know. All right. It's his personal life is very tough to disentangle. There's a lot of gossip. There's a lot of stuff that I have no idea of. It's not really that important to me. What I mean is a woman did choose to be with him. Yes. Now, I don't know if that means I can trust her.

Jordan  1:24:16
Or if that means anyone will ever love either of us. Certainly not. I mean, that gives us that gives us hope, right? No. Makes me sad, or

Jordan  1:24:23
I gotta get crazier.

Jordan  1:24:27
Maybe somebody asked me if I'm great. I did that or moved to Texas.

Jordan  1:24:30
Hey, boy, I'll tell you what, I got a free bedroom in my parents house down there. So he's gonna he's gonna talk a little bit more about I believe the heading south part of this and this next clip, and then he tries to get he tries to weave poetic I think he realizes how to pick it up a little bit. 10 minutes. I've been all over the map. I've got to try and get a point and get a little poetic. I don't think it works.

Alex Jones  1:24:55
But here I am. Just the normal guy believes in humanity, a throwback. trying to stop nuclear war like Michael Savage. Because we like going to restaurants we know we like going out on boats in the water and we liked why you see our kids. We like having friends and we just we don't want the only Russians. We don't want to kill the Chinese. We don't want anything where are we going? Let me look at those that are seeking power. Who never even had power. They're like functionaries in a big blind beast. A corporate hungry, seeking creature directed by millions of souls that are unconscious, just looking for salvation and believing that they dive down some rat hole into hell, they might find absolution, nirvana or Valhalla, and all they'll find is a Twilight of the Gods. Which is the end of humanity

Jordan  1:26:05
Ragnarok.

Jordan  1:26:09
So, so, okay, so we go from Rico from there's a good chance. Nuclear Winter's coming. Yeah, we don't want that. Me and Michael Savage, too weak, because do you know why? We like having friends and restaurants, restaurant restaurants. Restaurants were number one and boats. We like going out to restaurants. We like boats.

Jordan  1:26:31
But you remember every single time I fucking talked about Michael Savage. I'm like when he talks about going to get a meatball sub. He's a great broadcaster. Because he is. And that's why he was the first thing that Alex comes up with is because if you listen to Michael Savage, and you hear him talking about going to a restaurant, that's the only thing you'll think about because he is an artist when it comes to just talking about a great sub.

Jordan  1:26:50
Did he talk about food on this one? He

Jordan  1:26:52
didn't. He didn't make me very sad, man, but when he starts screaming about like a chicken parm get out of

Jordan  1:26:58
the way that he missed his true calling.

Jordan  1:27:04
No, because he's Dr. Savage. But you notice doctorate is in meatball subs basically, is a doctor of nutritional medicine. Oh, I didn't realize that dietetic.

Jordan  1:27:14
Oh, I thought he was like a PhD of Wagga new No, no, no, no, no. All right. So so

Jordan  1:27:23
so he basically does have a doctor to meatballs. Yeah. So based on my going to Subway, so

Jordan  1:27:30
we nailed that. We nailed that. speaking clearly to the people. Yeah. All right. Then I tried but

Jordan  1:27:36
also also before you skip on to the next thing. He makes that false equivalence that like everyone who's against us wants to kill the Russians and the Chinese Yeah. And hates going out on boats and doesn't like friends. Like it's it's the either or That's so unfair. It's so stupid. I

Jordan  1:27:52
think it makes perfect sense. He did this earlier. And I economists thought makes perfect sense.

Jordan  1:27:57
He did this earlier. And I didn't bring it up and I regret it now. But the idea that anyone who disagrees with him wants war is fucking stupid that like that whole thing. We absolutely don't want war. Now we just think that Trump is and the word Trump is a menace and

Jordan  1:28:12
the words of Killer Mike. We don't want to know more. We don't hit the poor no more. Yeah, those great,

Jordan  1:28:21
those are great. aspirations. I'm sorry, I derailed your All right.

Jordan  1:28:29
So then he goes, V Inferno on us he gets he tries to calm down Jay. He tries to get Dante in this. We look at those seeking power. who never had it. functionaries looking for the corporate rat holes of hell into the Twilight of the Gods. But did you? What was he trying to say there?

Jordan  1:28:50
Well, you said it's a beast. They're a part of a beast or corporate seeking thing. And like, Oh, you've lost track of that.

Jordan  1:28:58
So do you think we're going to do you think we're going revelations? Is that what he's trying to do right here because he's, if he's bringing up the beast that kind of has that Bible, Bible feel to the beast

Jordan  1:29:06
is the globalists. It's the group of the globalists. So all of these people are willing their souls into the larger beast that is globalism.

Jordan  1:29:18
Okay, whereas VX mat whereas again,

Jordan  1:29:21
I have to make a delineation that globalism as the trend towards there being a global community and interconnectedness of economies, that sort of thing is a real thing. Yeah, globalism in terms of Alex Jones, his definition is not a real thing. But his fake version is the beast the beast that he's referring to. Yeah, okay.

Jordan  1:29:42
Yeah. So not the one from sandlot. Also, not

Jordan  1:29:45
Hank McCoy.

Jordan  1:29:47
Not Hank McCoy. No. The car from that one movie where the car was called the bass those

Jordan  1:29:53
Christine Ah.

Jordan  1:29:56
What else do we got? What other bass No, it's just well the beetroot But it used so it's it's everybody selling themselves suited to the globalist beast from the east. I have no idea I've never heard that before I swear to God you made that up just now

Jordan  1:30:10
I think it might just be a WWE pay per view I watched one time they were they did a pay per view in Japan.

Jordan  1:30:17
That's two words you just drive to work.

Jordan  1:30:19
That's literally what it was. It was WWE paper.

Jordan  1:30:23
There we go. I don't even like wrestling that much. Yeah, sure. You've gone into several wrestling references already. Well,

Jordan  1:30:29
to be fair, it's a very good storytelling medium and it turns out there's a lot of and Dusty Rhodes is the shit are you

Jordan  1:30:36
go there you go see there? Yeah, yeah. Your your defense of I don't even really like that wrestling that much is, you know, it is a great method of storytelling. And I love Dusty Rhodes and I remember this obscure Pay Per View happened like a year ago. Okay, well, then nevermind. I won't retract it. Anyway,

Jordan  1:30:54
I stand by my argument that I don't like wrestling.

Jordan  1:30:57
I'm fine. You can't contest it. I'm fine with that. All right. But what is he saying? What is he trying to say? I mean, what was the what was the goddamn point of that whole we look at those seeking power we've never had it

Jordan  1:31:12
these Lindsey Graham's the John games right so

Jordan  1:31:15
is his point that they are trying to facilitate the end of the world

Jordan  1:31:22
basically this nuclear war that's

Jordan  1:31:24
so they're they're searching for it? They're trying to start

Jordan  1:31:27
it? Of course. Yeah. That his position is that the globalist want world war three. Maybe here I might be giving a little bit too much credit, but I think this is what he where it comes from. So after World War Two, we had the EU Well, EU was later but the UN came out Yeah. And the League of Nations before World War One, these attempts

Jordan  1:31:47
tended the Legion of doom came to follow after the end. But the

Jordan  1:31:51
these ideas of these global interfaces, these bodies of of a bunch of governments and a bunch of representatives of governments coming together to make decisions together for the better men of the world. So we don't end up with another holocaust or we don't end up with another war to end wars. Yeah, as a noble goal. Yeah, those sorts of things. Alex sees it as okay, what happened was these evil globalists started World War One so everyone would die and be horrified and then they'd start the League of Nations to take sovereignty away from individual countries and consolidated as a whole right the world and then they can enslave the entire world now that didn't work out that time right. So they had to they had sequel and the Jewish mafia propped up Hitler in order to do these these holocaust in these atrocious crimes. The the Holocaust centers, Sean Spicer, yes,

Jordan  1:32:50
yeah.

Jordan  1:32:53
Like a dumbed up. Passover

Jordan  1:32:55
around. It doesn't matter. He's a fucking moron. It's particularly it's particularly bad and I hope he gets hit by a truck but fucking focus we need to get rid of Trump who gives a fuck about the dumb fucking throat Spicer? I agree. I agree. I agree. I'm so angry that people are talking about him get rid of fucking drop,

Jordan  1:33:10
he'll go to it merits conversation.

Jordan  1:33:12
It doesn't get rid of Trump. It merits Trump focus, internet. I am imploring you, I don't give a fuck about United. I don't give a fuck about anything. Get rid of Trump and then we can deal with the United it's pretty crazy. It's horrifying. It's monstrous. But so but cops killed 300 Black people yesterday. Read a fucking Trump now.

Jordan  1:33:34
I agree. All right. I think the talking about Spicer stuff is important to taking away Trump though, because what he's doing is what is known as sort of ambivalent Holocaust denial. There's this trend that people have of like, conveniently accidentally forgetting pieces of the Holocaust, publicly or that sort of thing, right is it's either intentionally dog whistle lead to these white supremacist groups,

Jordan  1:34:03
or even worse, it's just part of who he is. Yeah. And that he's not he's not trying to exploit anybody. He's just that awful of a human right. And

Jordan  1:34:12
as we've discussed, Sebastian Gorka is a literal Nazi, literal Nazi. There. Do you know, was a the Holocaust statement that Trump put out? Yes. Typically didn't mention the mentioned Jews. There's just a trend of anti semitism that goes centers. Yeah, but that's why it's important. I think it's because it does go back to Trump. It's a bunch of people that he surrounds himself with, either have no awareness of the reality or deny the reality or are literal Nazis but

Jordan  1:34:47
you cut the snake off at its head, and then everything else goes crumbling down.

Jordan  1:34:52
Yeah, but sometimes, you know, like, if you're fighting a boss in a video game, sometimes you have to take out his arm before you can shoot it

Jordan  1:34:59
right you I understand that sometimes please make sure that you put metaphorically speaking well.

Jordan  1:35:05
But you know, sometimes there's different boss forms, and you gotta get through the first one in order to beat the game. Yeah, and you might have to

Jordan  1:35:10
like a Final Fantasy, you're gonna have at least three different boss forms to try to be organic,

Jordan  1:35:14
who I just beat. Thank you. Hi rule,

Jordan  1:35:19
then the world can end and we'll all be fine. Amen.

Jordan  1:35:23
I mean, we were texting and I said, that was my specific goal. I've got to beat Zelda for the world. And you did and you

Jordan  1:35:29
nailed it. So we were good to go. Everybody.

Jordan  1:35:32
We ended that last clip with him talking about the Twilight of the Gods will be the end of humanity,

Jordan  1:35:39
which is strange for a professed Christian to believe in the twilight of the multiple gods.

Jordan  1:35:43
Especially that's like Viking language.

Jordan  1:35:46
Yeah, no, you You nailed it with Ragnarok. Well, I

Jordan  1:35:49
Googled Twilight of the Gods, because like, that's gotta be like a book or something like that. And all the citations and Neil Gaiman everywhere. Oh, what just went back to like Norse shit? Yeah, toilet of the gods is code for Ragnarok. Yeah. Well, it's Ragnarok. Yeah. So he was talking about that.

Jordan  1:36:06
And then giant bow to fingernails, which makes perfect sense.

Jordan  1:36:10
This is the last clip of this weird ride we've been on. Yes. And it starts up I didn't again, I have to say this because it seems so unbelievable that I didn't cut anything, but I didn't cut anything. And to illustrate that, I have the last words of that last clip at the beginning of this, enjoy where it goes.

Alex Jones  1:36:30
And all they'll find is a Twilight of the Gods. Which is the end of humanity. I'm gonna get your phone calls. Very brief. If you want to see us grow in the face of enemy attacks. There we are. Don't do it on the stage in the arena under attack. water filtration systems. 40%. Don't you do

Jordan  1:36:56
it? Alex Jones water filter 40% off.

Jordan  1:36:59
Don't you do it? Don't you Twilight of the Gods me and then sell me on water filtration.

Jordan  1:37:04
Now hold on. I know that this is like we usually just play like, Oh, he's going into a sales pitch. Yeah, who cares? And then it ends. Yeah, I want you to shut up for a second. And listen to how uninterested he is in his own sales pitch. So listen to the rest of this. It's so fucking sad.

Alex Jones  1:37:20
Thanks to super good halogen out there running out 25% off other products infowars.com And for store.com or AAA 2533139. Just support us and we'll build we'll move forward. We got the children's toothpaste. It's fluoride free with the iodine and everything. The silver, it's excellent. The pink super blue Infowars live.com, triple 82533139. But I want to apologize the nominee for holding so long.

Jordan  1:37:48
That's a nice reminder there at the end that he's had a call. There's been

Jordan  1:37:51
a caller holding the whole time. So for that 30 minute clip, he has had a caller holding the whole time multiple Jesus Christ. Ah, I love this world we live

Jordan  1:38:06
in. He could have done anything with his time, but he chose to do that.

Jordan  1:38:09
That's fucking insane. Yeah, man. What the fuck was that?

Jordan  1:38:15
That was manna from the gods. That was me saying I don't know if we can do a good episode today. And then God smiling down upon me and saying, oh, yeah, here you go. Dan. Make Hey, that was that was 100%. Like, I I don't want to get biblical here or anything like that. But that was a moment when I doubted myself. When I was at work today. I was like, I'm listening to the episode. I don't know. I don't know if we can do it. I mean, this savage stuff is kind of interesting. I'd really don't want to talk about Alex's take on the war. What are we going to do? Then that clip happened? I was like, thank you. Big ups. Big ups got big

Jordan  1:38:54
up somehow. Somehow this is turning you back into a believer.

Jordan  1:38:58
Not really. That's what's happening. I believe in the great magnet. The great magnet the the law of coincidence that who cares? Listen. But it's alright. That's pretty cool, though. We got we got pretty fantastic group of bullshit.

Jordan  1:39:15
I'm gonna try and because I've written down as much of this as I could, right.

Jordan  1:39:20
So this is gonna be really fun. What synthesize this? Yeah, that's what I'm working on that when I was when I was putting this together. And when I was when I was cutting the clips up. Like I said, all I did was segment I did not cut out anything. Right? What I was hoping is like, we're gonna end up having to do and I think we have along the way is like we got to get into critical analysis. This is like reading a text in a different language. You have to try and figure out what your is. What in the fuck is going on here.

Jordan  1:39:48
And how important is authorial intent is a really good question. Is it as important that he intended to say something, or just interpreting his words on their own?

Jordan  1:39:57
And like is the Arthur really in control. Like, is there?

Jordan  1:40:04
Is this a Virginia Woolf stream of consciousness kind of situation? What's going on here? Yeah. All right. So we start, fade in.

Jordan  1:40:14
For Studio, establishing shot, yeah, panning through door.

Jordan  1:40:19
In the background on Skype. A picture lays on hung.

Jordan  1:40:23
See confused, Rob, do you? Know How dare you? Record for studios? No, I

Jordan  1:40:32
meant on Skype. Oh, yeah, this is

Jordan  1:40:37
Thursdays. All right.

Jordan  1:40:38
Get it right. All right.

Jordan  1:40:39
Don't get it. Don't flex on.

Jordan  1:40:41
I don't want to take I don't want to take Alex Jones out of content.

Jordan  1:40:44
Fucking pretend you don't know what day Rappaport shows up. All righty.

Jordan  1:40:48
I actually don't. That's the whole point of the show. The whole point of this show is that I don't know these John

Jordan  1:40:53
Rapoport works one day a week for an hour.

Jordan  1:40:57
How else is he going to afford those dentures? All right. All right. Alex Jones believes that Saudi Arabia has at least 300 princes.

Jordan  1:41:08
No, no, no, no. That's like the third thing you talked about.

Jordan  1:41:11
All right. Well, that's whenever I first started taking notes. Because the first two were him being just silly.

Jordan  1:41:17
Well, the first one, the first one is really what appeared to be the thesis, which is about everyone thinks he's anti symmetric. And he's not. Yeah, no, that has nothing to do with anybody comes back. But that's how we started. Yeah. So it seemed like that is what you want to talk about? Because that's how you open right? And it wasn't. Now the second one again, we can get rid of because it's just him talking about his dog. Yeah. drown him.

Jordan  1:41:40
No. Yeah. So yeah, he doesn't want to get drowned by knock. No. But then you're even cutting out the other thing that came before that, which is Fox News. And the media is all on World War Three is Dick. That's mainly because I agree with him. But then Syria is innocent. Well, in his in his mind, he is not advocating for world war three, he's telling you to prepare for world war three, whereas Fox News and the other channels and I do not disagree with him are balls deep in let's go to war, right? We're

Jordan  1:42:12
not on the mainstream media side. Go fuck themselves. There. We have some harsh critiques.

Jordan  1:42:18
As as I tried to say to each and every one of them individually for you got banned before I got banned from Twitter. Go fuck yourself. Yeah. So

Jordan  1:42:27
that happened before you even brought in your beginning of your critical roles.

Jordan  1:42:31
But what am I going to say to that he's his critically, the only thing that matters.

Jordan  1:42:36
I'm not anti semitic, Syria is innocent. Right? Those are two interesting ideas,

Jordan  1:42:41
not to the larger narrative or not to the larger case that I'm I'm gonna pull

Jordan  1:42:46
I apologize. I am now just I am I am a student right at your lecture. Well, the only

Jordan  1:42:52
thing that I do think now that you reminded me of it that matters is knock. Now I will tell you this, I will get to know I could

Jordan  1:43:00
not I could not have been more surprised when you started your critical analysis literally grabbed a pen and wrote Naung.

Jordan  1:43:10
Like that is that is the key that to me. To me. That is the key. All right. That is the that is the central metaphor that we're going for. I

Jordan  1:43:20
silently just pumped my fist.

Jordan  1:43:24
Because his his point to or not point his his rambling nonsense to you can't save somebody who's drowning. Whereas this dog cannot help let's save somebody even when they are not drowning. Interesting. Now,

Jordan  1:43:41
what is is that metaphor going to be fleshed out throughout the course of your analysis?

Jordan  1:43:46
I think that metaphor is who Alex Jones is. Alex Jones is the dog who is trying to save you from drowning. Even though you are just hanging out.

Jordan  1:43:57
I would posit that I would go I'd go a step further than he is exactly that. But he is also that dog managing to drown you when you aren't. Like if you engage with that dog, it's still gonna drown you. What the fuck? I'm just at the cabana? What's the dog

Jordan  1:44:16
the dog is is the the the dog who drowns you with the best of intention to drone

Jordan  1:44:21
on a patio. Alright, so good. All right.

Jordan  1:44:25
All right. All right. Saudi princes have a nice, unlimited amount of money so much. Some of them are paid billions a year, which suggests that their total worth is more than the entire GDP of the United States,

Jordan  1:44:39
which is also fascinating, because he I think he thinks that being a prince is a job

Jordan  1:44:44
as opposed to something that you are related to the festival. Yeah. Yeah. If he's saying that there are hundreds of princes. I believe he believes that Assad has hundreds of children. Well,

Jordan  1:44:56
he's talking about Syria. That's Saudi Arabia.

Jordan  1:44:58
Oh, that's right. That's right, Saudi Arabia.

Jordan  1:45:00
All right number and there are plenty there plenty. Plenty. Yeah.

Jordan  1:45:03
I misspoke. All right. So we go from Saudi Arabia not taking refugees to Israel, which again, was alive. Yeah. Huge lie to Israel, but I'm trying to engage with him on his fair enough on his writing,

Jordan  1:45:17
I shall stop the fact checking. All right.

Jordan  1:45:19
We go directly from there to Israel as a good guy, but they're opening themselves up to Palestinian attack from not Palestine from Syrians, right. He doesn't have a positive or negative view of Israel immediately following that quote, when he says he has a positive view

Jordan  1:45:38
of Israel, but his his actions imply a negative,

Jordan  1:45:42
and he is not on the fence. So Jewish newspapers are attacking him for his pro Jewish refugee stance. Right. Then, pseudo intellectuals. He's always trying to do the right thing, even though he cannot think about it, even though he's conscience as he tries to, you know, follow its directives, he finds himself tempted by the flesh. Right? I must fuck up immediately after that. Hundreds of newspapers now hundreds. My suggestion there? Well, I think he said 100 a day Exactly. 100 a day. My suggestion there. He is guilty. And he believes that people are gossiping about him. Oh, man, not criticizing his his thoughts or actions. But they are getting into the salacious details.

Jordan  1:46:36
I think what he's talking about is projection.

Jordan  1:46:38
I think yes. I think he is not talking about newspapers. I think he's talking about people he knows. Talking shit,

Jordan  1:46:45
or maybe blogs. Exactly. Yeah. All right. Or a lot of the conspiracy blogs and message boards that I go to the talk shit on him a lot. Exactly. Again, like I mentioned earlier, the things that they say their critiques are that like, why won't he go after Israel? Which kind of does match up with the tone that he's saying here? Exactly. Like any right thinking person thinks that I think crazy conspiracy blogs say that. Yep.

Jordan  1:47:08
Which, once again, he kind of wants their approval in the same way that he wants everybody's approval. Sure.

Jordan  1:47:16
Trump wants a New York Times.

Jordan  1:47:18
Exactly. Then we go directly to the schizophrenics immediately following him being attacked. We go to him remembering how he deals with that, which is by giving his people

Jordan  1:47:35
money, some of them, some of them, but I really think that that wasn't the point.

Jordan  1:47:40
I don't think you're right. It wasn't the point. I'm getting rid of authorial intent,

Jordan  1:47:45
you know, because he even based on his words, when he goes and he sees the schizophrenics. It's not about giving them money. That's not the point that he's making. It's like I go there and I realize everyone is like them. He goes and he just sees a like,

Jordan  1:48:02
to me what he was talking about there because it scans from him being sad that everybody is attacking him to him immediately giving money away. Now there is a midpoint there. There is a midpoint there that I don't think matters, because I think what matters is he makes himself feel better by doing what he thinks is the Christian thing. Can I end giving homeless people money so then we go directly to the species is destroyed through war? Yeah, right. That goes from the schizophrenics to the species being destroyed by war. So we get from his hero worship of money. Jewish newspapers attacking him trying to do the right thing but sleeping with hookers 100 Plus whose pay maybe man 100 Plus newspapers are attacking him at all the time he is then talking about schizophrenic

Jordan  1:48:57
so people talk over his drink when he's out with his family Exactly. Forget about

Jordan  1:49:00
always under attack at the beach, always under attack slips into his mind schizophrenics then we go directly to the ultimate schizophrenic fear is that he's the only person who can save the species from destroying itself. Well, him and savage right. Now, then we get to the stranger part, which is how much he loves this beautiful planet. And Mama will never love him again. That's when we get into that one. So he goes through this. He goes through this emotional just just every every possible spectrum of emotion. Mostly fear. So yes, yeah. Well, fear and abandonment and paranoia.

Jordan  1:49:43
Yeah, yeah. Then. And maybe some of that came from mom throwing them off the knee. Yeah. Oh,

Jordan  1:49:49
of course it did.

Jordan  1:49:50
Oh, boy. But then it gets fucked up. How fucked up is it that we keep coming back to like really empathic moments for him? Like, we're like, Fuck man. Like you You're an alcoholic get help. Yeah, I feel bad for you. Yeah, Alex, your mom didn't love you. We're not that sucks. Man. I feel bad for you. Because he's

Jordan  1:50:06
a tragedy. Certainly. I mean, he is by any definition of the word. Yeah. A tragedy no matter what angle you look at him from, and that's coming from me. Yeah, exactly. That's coming from the people who find him to be the most monstrous people who have tried to be stand ups for a while now. Yeah, no kidding people with the most empathic view of life. Now, then we get a taste of hope. That's the thing that kind of threw me for a loop, because we go directly from where

Jordan  1:50:36
you using the hope was that him pretending he wasn't drunk?

Jordan  1:50:39
No. The hope? was him telling us about the future. That's common. Oh, Planet. Exactly. Yeah. So either that, either that is a hopeful moment, or he really wants to escape his mother.

Jordan  1:50:53
I actually think that where you see hope I see the reverse. I don't think that that's a hopeful moment. I think that I think that he's saying that because he knows it's the science fiction fantasy of us getting off the planet, like, especially within the next 50 or 100 years, wherever and I think it's actually more of a doom and gloom thing. You think? Yeah, I think it's like that is never going to happen. And him positing it as the other alternative, means that we're doomed.

Jordan  1:51:23
I believe Alex Jones believes we will get off this planet.

Jordan  1:51:26
Well, I mean, he believes that Trump is going to cure every disease.

Jordan  1:51:29
Well, but But in that regard, I believe that he does. Okay, then Lindsey Graham, John McCain, getting us away from chivalry in honor. Of course. Sure. Sure. Yeah.

Jordan  1:51:41
Who wasn't the chivalry Don Quixote?

Jordan  1:51:46
Maybe a schizophrenic. Very good chance of nuclear winter. So we come back down, we hit that bottom right there that is down. That is a way down. We can his family doesn't believe him anymore. No. So do you feel like and this is this is my ultimate kind of a synthesis of all of this information right here. He believes that he is trying to save his family. And they are rejecting him. Yeah, yeah. I'm back at Nunc me was so old you I told you I was gonna get back to knock you thought I wasn't gonna make it back there. And I fucking did. And I got to look

Jordan  1:52:36
also was not the dog that died. The night that he was drunk on air. It

Jordan  1:52:41
can't have been knocked but it

Jordan  1:52:42
could have not got hit by a car. Yeah,

Jordan  1:52:44
knock was the one who got hit by a car.

Jordan  1:52:46
Now. Yeah,

Jordan  1:52:48
although although, but the dog who did die? absolutely had to have reminded him of knock.

Jordan  1:52:53
Yeah, your your thesis is interesting. I don't think it counts for everything.

Jordan  1:53:03
I don't think it accounts for I don't either. I do think though, that that is the underlying psycho analytical critical theory of what we're going for here.

Jordan  1:53:12
I mean, I think if you want to look at his career at dates I made it's gotta go back to that shit with us. If you want to really create, like, overly, like, get back to the root of it. Yeah. Where does abandonment come from primary relationships when you're a child. Yeah, being severed and being being vulnerable and threatened by like, oh, this, this caretaker doesn't love me anymore, which is exactly what he described. So of course, like this idea of abandonment leads to paranoia. Now maybe it's being triggered by the idea of like, I want to run away to the Cayman Islands. Let's get away from here and his family's like, calm down. So maybe it's being triggered by that?

Jordan  1:53:52
I think so. And it just and it's not just this particular instance, and it's not just his immediate

Jordan  1:53:58
pet. Sure. It's been a 20 year fight. Right. But I

Jordan  1:54:01
think it is, I think it is the Trump thing. And this.

Jordan  1:54:05
So he's also abandoned by Trump in the same way. He's feeling abandoned by his family

Jordan  1:54:09
and his and he abandoned his family because they did not throw it Trump. Well, we don't know the well, but they're at the very least they're starting to change their minds. A lot like Michael Savage in the light car

Jordan  1:54:21
when Steve pertronic Exact last, like four episodes back,

Jordan  1:54:25
so everyone is leaving him. Yeah, everyone is leaving him that,

Jordan  1:54:31
you know, it's fast. You know, what's fascinating

Jordan  1:54:34
is mad because he feels like he's trying to save them and they're pushing

Jordan  1:54:39
him away, much like a dog, much like a dog. You know, it's fascinating, though, like for the last 20 years or so that he's been on the air. As he's been ignored by everybody. He's been doing nothing but drawing more gravity towards himself. Everyone's been coming to him. The Rob dews of the world, the Joe Biggs of the world, like all these reporters believe And maca dues the the Owen Shroyer errs over time they've all gravitated towards his energy they've come in, and what fucked him over is finally latching onto a politician you,

Jordan  1:55:15
hey finds I jumped on somebody else's train,

Jordan  1:55:18
he hitches up with Trump. And because of that, well, maybe not because of that, but because of the mental gymnastics that he has to do. He ends up alienating Steve magenic who is his main man, his source for a lot of his narratives. Roger stones probably going to prison. The two of them still seemed only hope the two of them still seem thick as thieves also, by the way, I want to tell you about this. Yeah, I want to before I tell you about this. I'm fascinated by your narrative. I think it's possibly accurate. If not, it's at least very entertained. It's a great like, it would be a great play.

Jordan  1:56:02
It would be a great play.

Jordan  1:56:03
I would love to see that on stage. Like I would love to see that like first act being this guy full of them and vigor and like he has a family and he learns about the globalists.

Jordan  1:56:15
There is there is a much better story to tell about Alex Jones his life he is a he's a truly a tragedy. That's why he's so fascinating. Is because we are watching a Greek tragedy unfold in front of us.

Jordan  1:56:27
Are we the chorus

Jordan  1:56:29
i Well, I think we're the assholes.

Jordan  1:56:32
What are we in this? Are we the Furies?

Jordan  1:56:34
No, we're the we're the two Muppets. Were Statler and Waldorf. Oh, that's us.

Jordan  1:56:42
Yeah, this isn't reality.

Jordan  1:56:45
Exactly.

Jordan  1:56:47
So the other day Roger Stone was on and he said that he has a guy who's about to die. Who's a source that wants to spill the beans on John McCain. And he's going to give Info Wars the scoop. He's going to give them the exclusive that's insane. This hasn't materialized yet. So we don't know what the horse this was on Monday's show. And so Alex freaked out and he's like oh, Fly. Fly Now what do I get off air? What's going on? Should I do this? Yeah, and he's like well Rob dudes here so I said Rob do is here's how I know it's bullshit. Roger stones immediate reaction is I think Rob do is the best man for the

Jordan  1:57:29
sentence no human being has ever uttered in their entire lives like

Jordan  1:57:33
this is not a story. It rubbed us the best man for the job that guy can't fucking

Jordan  1:57:40
he can't the other the other option would have been somebody needs to take out the trash. I think Rob do is the best man for the job.

Jordan  1:57:48
You said the other option I thought you meant as a host I was like a sock puppet I don't know. Oh no. Ollie get him in there I don't get the idea that you have a big story to break and like fucking get robbed do on a plane Yeah.

Jordan  1:58:05
Get get the most easily suggestible poor man on the plane

Jordan  1:58:09
and someone has no fucking charisma at all. No, like if you have like, let's pretend yes for a fucking hot second.

Jordan  1:58:17
That I am a raging mass of raw charisma. No, no.

Jordan  1:58:20
Okay. This is a real story. And there's a deathbed confession about John McCain that can be verified and and as Alex has said, is going to destroy his career and his reputation. Like let's pretend that's true.

Jordan  1:58:35
All right. Let's pretend that okay, I'm gonna have to put I'm gonna have to put a lot of thinking caps on to

Jordan  1:58:40
get now I'm looking at the pantheon of Infowars reporters. Yes. I would say the last person I put on it is Alex's son Rex, because he's a child. And he can't handle this. You're okay, but he's still on the roster. Right? He's also selling a weird thing that you can put your cell phone in to get radiation away from you, which is great. Glad to see him being entrepreneurial. That is great, but he's the last one. I don't know. He's the last that's a real product he's picked I refuse it's insane. Yeah, it's a block it pocket is the night

Jordan  1:59:12
All right now we're done. Candy in Kansas? No,

Jordan  1:59:15
hold on. Okay, after this 13 year old, the last person I would send is Rob do he's incompetent. Yes. If that's a real story, that's a career maker. That's that's a big scoop. Yeah, you want to fucking send somebody who can actually handle one journalist took down John McCain. Right. And you got to give that to someone who you think like might have a career in this might have potential and who can

Jordan  1:59:42
accurately research follow up? Well, clearly no, of course, but

Jordan  1:59:47
it's well, maybe Ashley Bedford she see like I said, I've never

Jordan  1:59:50
heard her name before. So I assume she's competent. She

Jordan  1:59:54
listened. She seems to have a much better head on her shoulders. She's still propagandists, but right she has a I it's very difficult to quantify, but she doesn't seem like as much of a dick as a lot of you. And they say, Well, I think Leann McAdoo doesn't seem like as much of a dick and maybe it seems because the two of them are women. It's possible right? But I would say I would send Owen Shroyer. I hate that guy. But I would send him okay, kinda has it.

Jordan  2:00:24
He kind of has it. Yeah, he's got the wow factor in terms

Jordan  2:00:27
of like someone who could have a career. Okay, more we were than fucking Rob do. Again, I would send Leon McAdoo from Selma

Jordan  2:00:35
you sell Rob do short.

Jordan  2:00:36
You know I got so fucking in my head that I'm like, I just like the women who work there.

Jordan  2:00:42
Just because, like maybe you're a fucking perv. No, it's

Jordan  2:00:45
not even the fucking Super trying to lay on maca. Dude, not so much. Ashley Beckford. You're just

Jordan  2:00:51
like, why are we pro women on Infowars? For obvious reasons. The Info Wars? Well, no, I mean, the Info Wars is such a culture of toxic masculinity that for you and I we recognize that immediately as being the most damaging possible thing you can be. So of course, we're gonna prefer the women on fucking Infowars.

Jordan  2:01:13
Well, they deserve better.

Jordan  2:01:14
And the reason that I all women deserve better,

Jordan  2:01:16
I'm scrambling in my head. I feel like very self conscious about it. But the reason that I say this about Ashley Beckford that I think that she's better than the rest of them is that I've watched the field pieces that she does, and the way that you interact with people is still I'm still Info Wars, but you can tell that her brain is a little more engaged. G seems to have better improv chops and is dealing with a situation as it exists more than other people. I know that's kind of abstract and a little bit vague, but it does. You can tell if you watch her and then you watch Millie Weaver.

Jordan  2:01:49
Never heard her name before.

Jordan  2:01:51
She's a rainbow snatch.

Jordan  2:01:52
Oh Ramos now she plays rainbow somehow somebody with an improv background is worse at improv than she doesn't have an improv background. Well, she's been improving on the show for at least twice. That's not a background. That's a background foreground. That's a background.

Jordan  2:02:06
Anyway, we've been going too long about these.

Jordan  2:02:07
I know. We've been doing here.

Jordan  2:02:10
My point is if there's an expo say about John McCain Don't fucking send Rob do. He can't cut it.

Jordan  2:02:19
That's good advice for all of us. He

Jordan  2:02:21
stinks. Also don't send David Knight He's boring as a fuck. Don't send I mean Anthony Kumi. Oh, of course.

Jordan  2:02:28
I couldn't wrap a pause and wrap up what I was just about to say, Do you know where Rappaport went to? That

Jordan  2:02:34
was my brain.

Jordan  2:02:35
Do you know where Rappaport would do this report from right in front of that goddamn

Jordan  2:02:38
picture.

Jordan  2:02:39
No fucking bushes where he has been hiding on university campuses. This whole time. I would give nobody can break a story like Batman.

Jordan  2:02:49
I would give any amount of money to see him interview this guy on his deathbed. In a bush with an unknown picture just sitting there on the ground.

Jordan  2:02:57
I wouldn't give anything to see him go anywhere on the field piece and then like like a game of Where's Waldo? We just see in the background that I'm hug picture like, Wait, why did the fuck is he there?

Jordan  2:03:08
There'll be gorgeous. That will be amazing. At this point. I also realized I've never seen John Rapoport stand up. He might be in a wheelchair. I literally have no idea

Jordan  2:03:16
doesn't matter. Doesn't matter. Anyway, they're in a wheelchair man. Damn right. Anyway,

Jordan  2:03:20
this has been Yeah. A rambling outro. But like,

Jordan  2:03:23
I don't know how else. Yeah. What is it? What is it he's talking about? That doesn't send us down a rabbit hole of what

Jordan  2:03:33
was it? We're just trying to make sense of what the fuck that was.

Jordan  2:03:36
I think I think I'm I think I'm close to it. I think it's you're not far off. I think the abandonment. Mark. I think he's not

Jordan  2:03:43
in the ballpark. And he's sad that he didn't get hit by a car.

Jordan  2:03:47
Watch what I'm writing down right now.

Jordan  2:03:49
All right.

Jordan  2:03:51
It is Alex Jones. equals no. All right, dad.

Jordan  2:03:59
All right. Well, it's

Jordan  2:04:00
on paper figured out figured out the whole show. Well, guys,

Jordan  2:04:02
you can follow us on Twitter. You can follow us at knowledge underscore fight.

Jordan  2:04:07
You can check us up on iTunes. Subscribe, leave a review love. I don't know if you've ever heard that at the end of a podcast before.

Jordan  2:04:16
So we have a website. It's knowledge fight.com. You can go there you can find all our archive of episodes you can find Autobiography of Alex Jones in progress. Yeah. Also some documentation of his lie.

Jordan  2:04:28
Oh, and do you know what's going on that autobiography? His mama kicked him off his knee

Jordan  2:04:33
that is going to be written up in the near future. Oh, yeah, that one is not out. Oh, yeah. Although I do have a new one out about him being a boy genius. We reference That's right. He is a genius. I also have a new lie documentation coming out. I think it might be out by the time this episode comes out about Hillary selling the uranium to the Russians. Right. I have thoroughly researched that and you can check that out. Spoiler alert she didn't. But Oh, you can email us at knowledge fight@gmail.com. That's right. And if you do email us and you want assigned wine bottle, send us your address. Yeah, you do need to

Jordan  2:05:11
do that. Otherwise we can't really say. Also, just give us your name. We'll throw the wine bottle out the window into some sort of body of water and hope it makes it to

Jordan  2:05:21
you. Also, I'm specifically talking to you drew. Thank you for your interest in a shirt. Once more people are interested in shirts. We might get some. Because there's one person who has emailed me about a shirt it is

Jordan  2:05:34
I can't make one it is hard to make a shirt

Jordan  2:05:37
we are exposing our lack of engagement.

Jordan  2:05:41
Oh, no, come on. No, a lot of people hit us up on Twitter. People just don't wear shirts anymore. It's the age of the internet. What are you doing going outside? Yeah,

Jordan  2:05:50
exactly. Get a digital shirt. Yeah. Anyway,

Jordan  2:05:54
just saw ghosts in the shop. All right. There's

Jordan  2:05:58
been a lot of fun. This has been a lot of fun. Yeah, until next time, you know, we've been we have been a couple of policy knocks.

Jordan  2:06:04
Oh, no.

Alex Jones  2:06:07
Andy in Kansas, you're on the air. Thanks for holding. Oh, Alex, I'm a first time caller. I'm a huge fan. I love your work.
