Alex Jones  00:00
Andy in Kansas, you're on the air. Thanks for holding.

Andy In Kansas   00:04
Oh, Alex, I'm a first time caller. I'm a huge fan. I love your work.

Dan  00:07
Hey everybody, welcome back to knowledge fight. I'm Dan. I'm Jordan. We are a couple of dudes who like to sit around and drink red wine and have conversations about the evils and the plague that has come upon our land. The plague that is the popularization of Alex Jones.

Jordan  00:22
Wow, that was I'm gonna boy that was that was really defeated. I'm gonna tone of voice was terrible. I'm

Dan  00:29
going to grim place and we will come to realize why throughout the course of this episode is

Jordan  00:34
the oncoming inevitable nuclear war? No.

Dan  00:38
Listen, there's problems there. Certainly the death of the coral reef that's really problematic and terrifying. 1/3 of it is bleached.

Jordan  00:47
Oh, two thirds two thirds in its final death throes the Great Barrier Reef third. What else the inevitability of climate change causing an infinite amount of refugees smelt increasing nationalistic fervor and putting us towards a world war three?

Dan  01:03
Nope. That's not why. Okay, it's like I said, it's reasons that will become clear. I don't, I don't. Yeah. No, it's because of what the trend that we're going to be looking at in this episode of the show. Okay, generally what we do is we take a look at one day in the life of Alex Jones plot twist.

Unknown Speaker  01:23
What's the plot twist?

Dan  01:24
I watch Alex Jones and his show every day. And you

Jordan  01:28
I do not I do not at all I protect myself from from those particular evils and gorge myself with others who

Dan  01:35
use a brain condom which is smart. Exactly. I'm in their raw info war raw.

Jordan  01:44
All right. Wow. Wow. Today we're gonna be discussing I mean, that's very Alex Jones. And we're gonna be discussing a scam. Fourth kid.

Dan  01:51
We didn't know about those secret. Yeah, April 14. We're gonna be discussing something that goes on on that show. But as is our tradition, here is an out of context drop of Alex Jones from that show.

Alex Jones  02:02
Why are my listeners to me? I don't know half the time I can't listen to myself. And I don't say that as self deprecating. I mean, I mean, it's we don't either.

Jordan  02:12
We have so many questions. There's so many questions within the Why do people listen to people listen to my shows and listen to but I yeah, I can't listen to it half the time this actually What kind of idiot would listen to the show.

Dan  02:23
This episode actually has like maybe six candidates for out of context drop. Oh boy, but I've just weaved them in sort of along the way. Oh, nice. So we'll look at tapestry of videos, and they kind of fit into the situation. So on Friday, April 14, yes, I'm noticing a trend and that is that most of the week is boring as shit. And then Alex goes balls out at the end of the week, like Thursday and Friday are generally like let's fuckin actually get to work. Monday through Sunday is where he says things that he shouldn't say. Okay, he said he'd like he did that pizza gate apology on Sunday. You know, he's, he's got that's where he buries stuff. Yeah, as on Sunday because he knows most people aren't listening. Yeah, Monday through Wednesday, or just kind of like, let's introduce the narrative and hit the greatest hits. He

Jordan  03:15
hates Mondays eats lasagna. Absolutely.

Dan  03:18
We got it and Rob do is Nirmal ruff. Send them to Abu Dhabi.

Jordan  03:25
Roger Stone is definitely od

Dan  03:27
OD. He's kicking Roger Stone off the table. Yeah, I agree with that.

Jordan  03:31
Because what kind of shenanigans is only gonna get into this week?

Dan  03:34
I don't know. We're getting a Nixon tattoo on his back. See, there we go. Be great Odie be a great comics, kick them off the show, Jim Davis, get it together. So this week, it was pretty boring throughout most of the week. And then well,

Jordan  03:49
I can't think of any important news that was happening during this week. No, think of any exciting, insane news that occurred multiple times this week.

Dan  03:56
No, I mean, I guess we talked about the April 11 show from from Tuesday. So that was kind of interesting this week, but that was just because Alex was having a little bit of a breakdown. Yeah. And that was that's fascinating because that will happen sometimes

Jordan  04:09
he was a little bit of a breakdown quite a bit seem to have a psychotic break a little

Dan  04:14
bit, but throughout the rest of the week, it is just this boring stuff. It's like Siri Syria is a lie. Right drops flag Trump was awesome for dropping dropping the Moab bomb yet we're all gonna die on Afghanistan that killed like 30 people 30 Isis people and then a whole bunch of others.

Jordan  04:31
i Yeah, you know tons of people ate it. Well, apparently from a mile out. It explodes your eardrums so yeah, don't don't get close to the mother of all bombs.

Dan  04:44
Let's be that'd be good advice.

Jordan  04:45
That's my advice to most people. Not everybody. Trump. So on Friday, jump on a Moab dropped dropped. Jump right on there. Write it down like slim pickins How come

Dan  04:57
fucking Alex Jones hasn't done it. a cover of matters Well, Trump. No.

Jordan  05:06
Ah Bamp Bamp Bamp

Dan  05:12
he came. What have we become on Friday? He came back from break doing karaoke four times. Okay, four times. Did you get any clips? No, because I was at work. I'm not recording it live. Damn it. It was amazing. It was all like some country shit to me. It's he's in a weird place.

Jordan  05:27
And they and they cut him again. Yeah,

Dan  05:29
cut them all those fuckers. Yeah, these assholes. They're watching us. So on Friday at the end of his show. He had a lot of guests. Yes. It was sort of his way of deflecting a little bit from him having to carry too much of the weight. For most of the show, he had Mike Cernovich on.

Jordan  05:47
Okay, who is Mike Cernovich? Mike Cernovich.

Dan  05:50
That is a great question. He's a crazy person. Okay. All right. That's the long and short of it. Okay. He's been an active proponent of the pizza gate stuff. He's been a fringe weirdo. He

Jordan  06:03
does a lot of periscopes. He's really into the TV show fringe. He is a journalist. He loved the movie down Periscope.

Dan  06:11
I'm putting journalist in heavy air quotes. Right, right. There's a lot of people who suspected that he is the person that the Bannon contingent in the White House is leaking information to because he seems to be suspiciously Is

Jordan  06:25
he the one where Trump was like he should get a Pulitzer Prize? Yeah. Was he that dude, he broke. Okay. That's all I need to know. He

Dan  06:32
broke the Susan Rice. Yeah. Which was not a story. Yeah. If you

Jordan  06:36
if Trump says you deserve a Pulitzer Prize, you are a dead man to me.

Dan  06:40
Yes. So Alex has Mike Cernovich on for a good while and they talk a bunch of bullshit. That's not super interesting, but Cernovich sticks around

Jordan  06:47
their favorites Saved by the Bell episodes.

Dan  06:50
Oh my god. It's probably the one really good class rings. Yeah, okay. That was a good episode.

Jordan  06:55
I can't remember. I thought it was the one where Kelly had sex with a guy who was like 35

Dan  06:59
that's all of them. Oh, okay. Um,

Jordan  07:03
well, Zach watches and does a fourth wall break because I cook

Dan  07:11
he's a cook sliders are real man.

Jordan  07:13
That's true. That is true.

Dan  07:15
I would love depth analysis of Saved by the Bell by the alt right. You know what Kelly would be a great housewife is all I'm saying.

Jordan  07:25
All right, at knowledge underscore fight.

Dan  07:27
You know what? Listen to me. Jesse. She's too uppity. She's out there talking about feminism. He really needs as a good slap.

Jordan  07:37
Oh, well, we took that to real. You took that to real. I did as foreshadowing Oh, boy. Up. Nope. New.

Dan  07:45
So Mike Cernovich is on for quite a while. And then the third hour they bring in Gavin or Nigel McGuinness unclear on which one it is? It's Gavin. So we never settled that question we did. It's Gavin. I'm going to call him Nigel for the rest of this episode just as a show of disrespect. Good. But his name is Gavin McGinnis. He's the guy who found advice, which they trot around as like some sort of amazing credit. And sure vice has turned into quite a large company. But they also I mean, come on. Now.

Jordan  08:14
I don't actually know anything about vice.

Dan  08:16
No, I don't I don't know anything about the inner workings of it. But I've read a lot of their articles. And it seems like people who are

Jordan  08:24
this isn't all of it. What's their in house editorial style?

Dan  08:28
I think it's like incompetent Hunter S Thompson. That's kind of how I would describe a lot of their journalism. Okay, listening. It's

Jordan  08:37
does he bumble around along along the way to shooting his gun? Magoo, Gonzo? Yeah. Oh, my gonzo journalism. Maybe we go there we go. And

Dan  08:47
I'm painting with too broad a brush, because there is some decent work that's done on it. But by and large, it's like very young people who are like, but they read too much Hunter S Thompson coming up and they thought, I'm gonna do this dangerous journal and write

Jordan  09:01
garbage. But it's Jackass of news.

Dan  09:04
Sort of. Yeah, Nigel McGuinness joins them for a tripod of bullshit.

Jordan  09:10
Oh shit and Ganon returns

Dan  09:13
that is what we're going to be discussing when these three men met on Alex Jones's show and the bullshit that comes out of their mouth. Not that I one mouth. They're all the same. They're all we human centipede at it. Now, when we were starting the show, I was telling you that I've been a little bit of a weird state. Yes. This is why Okay, I think that they're consolidating.

Jordan  09:36
Oh, no. So you think that the vise people are going to absorb

Dan  09:42
he has nothing to do with Vice now? Okay, okay, he's left that and we'll get into what he's doing now. Which is fucking hilarious. Okay, but that comes down the road. Nigel thing with wolves more or less Nigel McGuinness born Devon.

Jordan  09:57
Ne Gavin, Mike Cernovich

Dan  09:59
and Alex goons are not necessarily merging in terms of their businesses merging. Okay. But it is sort of like a rogue's gallery coming together to our Batman and not John Rappaport or Batman. Okay, there is like a team coming together, and it's really fucking scary. Because this idea of these propagandists working together creates unlimited potential of audiences merging. You know, that's not good. No, it's not like that at all. It's the same thing with Alex being on Joe Rogan and not being challenged in his ideas. It's that same sort of thing

Jordan  10:35
that creating a consolidated echo chamber where they can each repeat back the bullshit that they say to each other. Mike Cernovich has reported blah, blah, blah. Each of them has a, you know, certainly a Venn diagram audience but not completely. All the same.

Dan  10:49
And they have built in credibility in their audience. Yeah, so they give Alex Jones by proxy credibility. All right, Mike. Cernovich by proxy credibility, right, and it becomes a really dangerous game of ping pong. So that scares the shit out of me and I don't like what it portents now that doesn't sound good. Now,

Jordan  11:07
the good news is the triple the mother of all bombs on them. No. Oh,

Dan  11:12
they don't have any tunnels that are so close. These people are fucking really stupid. So it will be easy for us to cut through a lot of their bullshit. But it's still scary that they're amassing hordes of people who follow them and combine it right it sound and sorrow man. Now let's get to the business at hand because I have a lot of clips. But the first one is maybe the most delicious of them. Oh, I like calling clips.

Jordan  11:37
Tell Me More Great British Bake Off.

Dan  11:39
I like to call clips delicious. Especially when they start like this. And here goes

Alex Jones  11:45
look look at Tsar Nicholas or what was Edward the eighth father's name? Gavin McGinnis. You don't think he has a lemon chased him around? Like I'm not Gavin. But Washington. Get yourself all prepped and clean. I think I might actually be here. You're pretty you're pretty handsome looking dude over there.

Gavin McInnes   12:02
Ah, like every part of being gay except the sex with guys get to do what you want. You never get nagged. It's just the gross parts that happened I guess. Well, actually they do the sex quite a bit. So I kept

Jordan  12:18
going on

Dan  12:19
so Alex is trying to play cool, you know, like,

Jordan  12:21
Hey, that was gonna that was gonna fuck any Dude, it would be bugging you. Right?

Dan  12:25
We're gonna do with you. We're

Jordan  12:27
looking at you primped up a I would totally be gay with you. As long as

Dan  12:32
Nigel McGuinness has a novelty facial hair that would cause Alex Jones to scream for 20 minutes if it was on a CNN reporter what kind of novelty face he's got a beard and a mustache that's a little too long for the length of beard. So he has a little bit of like prop mustache going on with his beard. To the point where it remember the guy that he screamed about Mr. Creepy. Yes, Mr. Creepy over here on CNN. Yeah, he has a rape fan. Same beard. He's not the same. But it's enough that if he was someone who Alex was against, he would be like, Oh, look at this guy. I'm not saying he has a white van. But he probably does. Let's check his tax record. But

Jordan  13:08
in this regard, because he's on his side. He wants to he wants to fuck him. Right? So that means that he secretly wants to fuck the guy on CNN,

Dan  13:19
you have just used what is known as a hypothetical syllogism perfectly. Yes, the transitive property dictates that Alex Jones secretly wants to fuck Mr. Creepy. Now we get to the beginning of this conversation that they're all having and Nigel McGuinness again, I'm doing this purposefully. I know his name is Gavin. Nigel McGuinness comes in with his really unevolved take and hack comedy about gay stuff. Yeah, like I like everything about it. But sex. I'm like, Dude,

Jordan  13:51
I remember the 80s too.

Dan  13:52
I remember Adam Carolla in 96. I remember love line in the late 90s. Adam Carolla saying Batum that bit

Jordan  14:02
you know? Yeah, and it's an old bit where it's like, if it weren't for the sex I don't mind being gay. It's just hanging out with your friends like that's from the fucking the Larry the Cable Guy tour. Guy. One of those dudes

Dan  14:16
the the White Collar Comedy blue collar. Blue Collar Comedy. Fuck. Yeah, the white dude blue collar. Yeah,

Jordan  14:23
yeah, that's one of those dudes bits. Yeah, absolutely. Which speaks for its quality.

Dan  14:27
It's one of the like, happiest, lamest things and Alex's responses. Fake. All of his laughs that he does throughout this entire thing are so fake. It's crazy. But then also, it's incredibly reductive in this idea that gay couples don't fight. Like, it's really insulting to the idea of it's like, no, it's just hanging out with me bros. Do

Jordan  14:49
you mean assuming that gay people aren't real people and they are just some sort of magical no creature that gets along all the time? No,

Dan  14:57
it's assuming that homosexual relationships are identical to platonic friendships.

Jordan  15:04
I think they are. You just add second just fuck a bunch. Yeah. And I think that's exactly what Alex Jones knows. And that's

Dan  15:10
what Gavin McInnes knows exactly. And he is fucking stupid. I know that he's Nigel excuse. Okay, I know. Now I don't remember which is well, you know what I'm gonna go back and forth based on my whims. Alright, so he is coming in. I know that he's doing this for humor, but which he's not doing a good job. But yeah, if we judge it on the basis of humor, it's one of the happiest, oldest jokes in the book, if you want to judge it based on what he's saying. It's horribly reductive and insulting. Yeah, so

Jordan  15:38
this isn't cereal. We're not just gonna laugh at any bullshit word to professional comedian. Yeah,

Dan  15:44
congratulations on failing twice my man. My bro my bro. You failed us both Gavin and Nigel. So then we get into this. They make some predictions about what's going to be happening over the weekend

Gavin McInnes   15:56
in Berkeley. Lauren Southern and a bunch of people are going down there to do a thing called Patriots Day. Nothing controversial. Just people that like Trump wanting to say they love free speech in America. And all these rodents, these Antifa kids, they were just bought it at Home Depot buying wooden flagpoles because they want to extinguish all these people, but they're gonna meet up with bikers. Oathkeepers all these guys are they're waiting,

Jordan  16:21
extinguish, extinguish extinguished English people with flagpoles. Oh, that's dumb. How would you hear Dan? How would you extinguish someone with

Dan  16:33
a flagpole through the neck?

Jordan  16:34
flagpole through the neck?

Dan  16:35
Right? Isn't that what it would be? I mean, that's the softest area that's most attackable probably that would kill you. You're not going through the chest cavity with the flagpole?

Jordan  16:42
Oh, I thought they were gonna light him on fire. Oh, maybe

Dan  16:44
I don't know. But like, Oh, I get what you're saying. That version of extinguish. I thought I meant the light of life.

Jordan  16:52
Oh, well, no, that sounds it well, but he said there was nothing controversial going on. Right. So why would they get those flagpoles? Well, that's crazy. There's no not doing anything controversial. Right? You're just getting together and celebrating free speech in a way that I'm sure does not curtail the rights of others.

Dan  17:09
No, but it's the Antifa kids who are going to Home Depot. Oh, yes,

Jordan  17:13
those notoriously violent Trust Fund children. For the kid knows, oh, I every time I go outside, I just see yet another Trust Fund child getting into some shenanigans.

Dan  17:25
But let's take this at its face value. This is McGinnis coming in and being like there have been reports of kids at Home Depot buying flagpoles. First of all, I really is reporting that right.

Jordan  17:38
You just have a reporter at the Home Depot all the time, or does he pick up migrant workers there? Is that who writes his articles for him? I don't know. Can you drive by the Home Depot and get a get Amanda

Dan  17:52
Keep us posted if any well to do kids are buying the weird things.

Jordan  17:56
Yeah. What is this Fletch, what's happening? Does he have a network of spies?

Dan  18:01
You're going to come to this conclusion over and over again that McGinnis is just popping up and giving these anecdotal stories that I don't know how he could know. And even if he doesn't know don't mean anything, but he uses it to prop up his stories. And it's bullshit.

Jordan  18:17
This is why Rapoport is only on screen for one hour could be because he is Home Depot bushes right now. Batman gets shit done. Well, how else do you think he knows all these scoops? You're making

Dan  18:30
a really great argument here. Because I should say that John Rapoport wasn't on last week ah on assignment

Jordan  18:36
on assignment. There's almost no doubt about it. And he definitely takes that picture with

Dan  18:40
it. So they're predicting that there's going to be trouble at this Patriots Day, March on Saturday. And from what I understand, there have been a little bit of, we're recording this on Saturday, in the afternoon. And from what I understand there's a little bit of tensions, it's a little bit uneasy. And as the night goes on, I imagine there are going to be fights that breakout. I don't disagree with them at all, there's going to be fucking trouble.

Jordan  19:05
And but, uh, you know, the Oathkeepers are pretty hardcore.

Dan  19:09
They just keep oaths. But you know how this goes. I mean, we saw it go down with that Milo situation. There were agent provocateurs in the crowd. Yep. Who were largely working with all right organizations, some of them even employed directly by them, like fake journalists, yes. And protesters if you will, right. I mean, I don't want to do that because I don't want to use the same sort of argument that they use. So erroneously, right? I don't see

Jordan  19:35
the problem with it. But I don't exactly what they say is not happening. It's so frustrating. Insanely. They're getting ahead of us on all of these things. So if they get out front of this narrative, then anytime they do that paid protest, protest your thing, now it's a defensive thing. We're fighting back against you. It's so angering, it's very because it seems like we're being out smart By the dumbest people on the planet.

Dan  20:01
Well, that's because we're not super proactive. Like if we could do this show every day and really analyze things, then maybe we could, you know, get ahead of the eight ball somewhat. But we can't we have jobs and we live our lives. So which

Jordan  20:14
is why we're not out there thinking ahead regarding paid paid protesters.

Dan  20:18
Well, we will take behind on that. There you go. There's been protesters. Nope. There we go. We've just we've just outsmarted the argument. Prove it prove they're fake. Paid protest. That's that's

Jordan  20:28
not that's not how they work.

Dan  20:30
No, it's not proof. Just the

Jordan  20:34
enemy of the GOP. You don't? You know, it really, really is, isn't it?

Dan  20:39
Well, it's like three of a kind beats a pair. Proof beats three of a kind yelling a whole bunch beats proof. So that's kind of how the game of poker that we're playing goes. Anyway,

Jordan  20:52
I wish we were playing for the low stakes of a pair versus three of a kind.

Dan  20:56
Yeah, it'd be nice. Anyway, there is probably going to be trouble. And here's Mike Cernovich. Coming in with a little bit

Jordan  21:03
if they stay there will be double, it will be double.

Mike Cernovich  21:07
Oh, no, it's gonna I did choose between this or being in covering that. And you know, what a great life to have to make that choice but to Berkeley. Wow.

Dan  21:16
What was your what a

Jordan  21:18
great life to make the choice to not do that thing that might hurt me.

Dan  21:22
I predict he actually asked Alex, if he could come into studio. Can I fly to Austin that we have an excuse not,

Jordan  21:28
can I not be in Berkeley?

Dan  21:32
Because they will fuck me up. Yeah, I am a plus. I'm an asshole. I have a clear propagandist. Some guy in a black ski mask is gonna come up punch the shit out of me. Yeah, there's gonna be a GIF of it. I'm gonna. It's gonna it's gonna be Spencer

Jordan  21:48
all over a guy. I'm not inciting violence, but I am saying that every time I see the GIF of Richard Spencer being punched. Ah, I grew up my heart grows three sizes. So those are dick. Not stops up to.

Dan  22:05
So I don't believe I don't believe his premise was like, I wish I could be there covering it.

Jordan  22:08
No, of course. That's bullshit. That's a complete lie. Absolutely not. It's not want to be in the shit at all. No, no, don't do but

Dan  22:15
it's great to have that convenient cover to be like, I wish I could be there. Man. I'd be there if I could. Yeah,

Jordan  22:20
that's the guy at the bar saying like, hold me back, hold me back and just grabbing on to his friends

Dan  22:25
or the drunk guy who at the bar who's like, I could have made it I could have been in the show. Oh, you know, I almost made pro ball. You know, just some something happened. And you know,

Jordan  22:35
I got I got fat. I got fat. It turned out that didn't help.

Dan  22:38
I was trying to protect a woman I blew up my knee in a bar fight. Otherwise, I'd be playing pro ball. But I'm a hero. You know, that sort of

Jordan  22:45
guy lost my arm. And this lawnmower over

Dan  22:47
here. Look, I got to choose between going and covering this place where I'm gonna probably get my ass kicked for being a dick. Or I could go to Alex Jones's show and be treated like a hero in an air conditioned studio. I'm gonna go with that one.

Jordan  23:00
Yeah, that's a pretty, that's a pretty easy choice to make.

Dan  23:03
Yeah, so that was Cernovich his take on it. Now Gavin has some some other thoughts that are a little bit inaccurate.

Gavin McInnes   23:12
They're all rich kids. There's tons of professors. Some of them are brainwashed losers with no parental guidance. And these, those two weak forces are going out there. And you can tell when you see them in a fight. They've never been there in a fight before. And another funny thing they do is they put women in the front lines, because that is feminists have brainwashed themselves into thinking they can take any guy so they can make like ISIS the way they use women is

Alex Jones  23:38
I agree because I saw that in. I saw that in DC for the inauguration. Women Robertson attacking me. And finally I said okay, I'm just trying to ramming them down. Scream I'm hitting. You're hitting me. I'm trying to go out the entrance. I was just forget it.

Jordan  23:54
This one Alex Jones. Just said that he started beating women. No, he

Dan  23:59
said that they were talking. Yeah, but look here. I know that didn't happen for a number of course it didn't. One reason I know it didn't happen is that there's no video of it. And Alex taped everything when there's a video of him embarrassingly drunk that he's put out himself from that. The Woman's March. Cupcake cupcake also, also, they're putting the women out front it was in DC was the fucking Women's March.

Unknown Speaker  24:28
Yeah,

Dan  24:31
of course. Of course.

Jordan  24:32
We're gonna be leading.

Jordan  24:34
Get all of that all of those women together because their men won't allow them to leave the house. But you understand what I'm only with the permission of a man can women hold the most feminist march in history?

Dan  24:45
You might actually be pretty close to what McGinnis thinks. Of

Jordan  24:50
course, it's what they know. They actually conceive of a world where women are on Ah,

Dan  24:56
especially McGinnis. Man. He is a toxic evil masculine force, fuck, and we're gonna get to it. But like, I really, really resent the idea that they're they're sort of presenting it as what these dumb liberals do is they put women out front as human shields, whereas the reality is that a lot of liberal causes women are leading, and we're comfortable with that they're

Jordan  25:22
they're leading more than anything else.

Dan  25:24
And we're super comfortable with that falling in line and supporting causes that are led by women. I'm not afraid of female leaders,

Jordan  25:31
you if you if you're Alex Jones and the toxic masculinity group, you can't believe that no, because that starts to tear down your other beliefs. If women can actually lead these marches without the control of a man, perhaps they can do other things without the control of a man. Right? So even if even if they're aware of this, they have to spin the narrative otherwise, their brains explode, because then we're, you know, women might have agency like, whoa. Which is crazy. Yeah. Which is can you imagine a world where women were allowed to make decisions for themselves would be horrified their periods would sync up? Is that a thing? Probably in Gavin McInnes, his mind. Yep. That doesn't make a goddamn sense.

Dan  26:13
So speaking of Gavin McInnes, his mind he has this next quote, when they're talking about this idea of like women attacking them and pushy liberals attacking them having to fight them off. Yes. Which is going to take us down a very fun road.

Jordan  26:26
Oh, I don't want to hear this road.

Gavin McInnes   26:28
at NYU, we had a guy we call Friar Tuck. He's our biggest member of the proud boys. And he's just gonna stop because he was a bouncer his whole life. He just murders people for fun. And what is the matter with you guys?

Jordan  26:44
Oh, what was that fake laugh? Haha, that's gross. Jordan. He just said the thing.

Dan  26:52
Jordan. Do you know what the proud boys are?

Jordan  26:54
I don't know. I don't know. I'm not happy that I heard those words next to each other proud boys was not a band cannot be a band. It was

Dan  27:05
a song from the musical Aladdin. Be proud of your boy. That's what it comes from. I think that's what it comes from. That's can't that's the best I can tell is what it comes from be real. The proud boys.

Jordan  27:16
The most toxically masculine group of people that this guy knows. took its name from the Aladdin musical from what I understand. Yes. That's like how the kk k has the Grand Dragon like God, it's fucking this. What are you doing? Now? How is it that you can be this childish, and fucking filled with delight and turn it into such evil

Dan  27:40
turn? We're going to talk a whole bunch about the proud boys. The proud boys are an organization. I don't know I haven't listened to the song, but it's like Be proud of your boy. I don't know. I'm just doing a version in my head. Now. The proud boys are an organization that Gavin McInnes has started. No, that is basically what from what I can tell. A really awful fraternity for really awful men. Now they put out a video, isn't that just a regular fraternity? They put out a video that I'm going to play a part of. I want to put out a video I want you to listen carefully. Gavin put this video out. All right. Now listen to this.

Jordan  28:27
How old are these people?

Dan  28:29
Some of them are in their 40s. Some of them are in their 30s

Jordan  28:32
All right. If anyone if anyone ever says like, oh, that kids in his parents basement fucking point to these 40 year old schools playing at children.

Dan  28:43
It's worse than you think.

Jordan  28:44
Of course it is.

Dan  28:45
Now listen to this. This is the beginning of their sizzle reel that they put on YouTube. They have

Jordan  28:51
a sizzle reel and a lot of people looking to get a reality show. Probably. They're probably looking to do that. Right.

Dan  28:58
I might watch it. I mean, I watched the Bad Girls Club. There's no end to what I would watch on television. Or you might watch the proud boys show

Jordan  29:05
I would rather die. Alright, here we go. I've become

Proud Boys' Spokesperson   29:08
consumed with your plight. And I'm confident that I can fix you.

Jordan  29:18
What? No. How about you play time of your life you giant. Fucking Christ.

Proud Boys' Spokesperson   29:32
You know that. And the West is under siege. And the way they do that is with self doubt. And the way they do that is they shelter us from Pride. And they make sure we're always ashamed of our past. We're always paying for it.

Jordan  29:47
This is a shitty Zach Braff monologue from scrubs that's what this is. Yeah, and like overlays is fucking horrendous. Overlaid in

Dan  29:56
this video. Like the video is like shots of Gavin doing his is a radio show and shots of him playing with his baby and stuff like that fleas just just give it a break. So give it a rest.

Jordan  30:08
This makes me want to kill mice. Just

Dan  30:10
take a sip of the wine. All right, all right, just enjoy the rest of this. It's important to show how much of an idiot this guy is all right. And what kind of crazy masculine Messiah Complex he has. It's insane, a perpetual

Proud Boys' Spokesperson   30:21
penance, where we have to pay restitution for our sins. So all we really want is for everyone to stop crying about the winners and just become a winner. It's so unAmerican to whine politics is two groups. It's people who want to be left the fuck alone. And people who won't leave them the fuck alone three deal breakers you don't fuck with my family? You don't fuck with a man's home and you will fuck with a man's job totally behind quitting masturbating and quitting porn. Call it hashtag no winks. Yeah and ways to save most prison. Give everyone a gun. legalize drugs and welfare close

Proud Boys' Spokesperson   31:00
the borders

Proud Boys' Spokesperson   31:01
outlaw censorship. venerate the housewife glorify the entrepreneur. Recognize the West is the best. Ideally, number 10. Shut down the fucking government. We're all sick of the grievance industry. We're all sick of being ashamed. We all want a modicum of decorum. We all want to improve our lives. We want to get better. But what's the name of our movement? What about oh, boy,

Proud Boys' Spokesperson   31:22
I got it. We are called the proud boys.

Dan  31:27
And at that point. At that point, the music kicks in and it swells. No. There's just like video of dudes with proud boys tattoos and shit. It's fucking dark.

Jordan  31:39
No,

Dan  31:40
it's fucking dark. No, hold on. No, here's here's just one more clip from the video. It's it's it's necessary.

Jordan  31:47
Shut up. Imagine imagine a world where the proud boys didn't exist. Do you know how much better my life would be your life two weeks ago? Do you remember my life two minutes ago when when it was joyous? I mean, yeah, the world was gonna end but the proud boys weren't in it. Yeah, but now they are in Christ.

Dan  32:05
Now they are and we got them. Now they are and we got to look at it. Look at the darkness Jordan don't deny the darkness the three

Jordan  32:12
things that are deal breakers for me. Don't fuck with my job. Don't fuck with my dog. Toodles and don't fuck with my little pony episode. Also the back one The idea started at the beginning about a week ago. I'm a proud boy. And I'm proud also My Little Pony proud

Dan  32:29
the idea like you don't fuck with a man's job. It's like yeah, yeah,

Jordan  32:33
you totally do. Fucking capitalism. You don't fuck yeah. Oh, we wanted there's two groups of people, the people who want to be left alone and the people who won't leave them alone. How about the people who want fucking roads you pile up god damn garbage. Go fuck yourself. Shut down the goddamn government. How do you outlaw censorship if you don't have a government outline? Outlaw something without some sort of authority and that authority as a man fucking

Gavin McInnes   33:01
government? Goddamn yourself. Go fucking You idiotic morons?

Dan  33:09
Also, how vague is venerate the housewife?

Unknown Speaker  33:12
I don't even know what that means.

Jordan  33:15
Like, ancient Chinese, like, oh, we keep our elder grandmother up on the goddamn home door. Don't

Dan  33:22
let your bride have a job. And celebrate that she doesn't have a job.

Jordan  33:26
I hate it. I hate it. When people cry about winners calm that's quit crying about winners. And then we'll all be winners. That is a complete and utter nonsensical idea and they should be fucking punched in the face. A million they

Dan  33:38
wouldn't be if they were at Berkeley. Oh, fuck me. So now Jordan, hold on calm down. We got to get to this next clip I'm very which sort of exists as we call do we have to so now we've gotten into sort of Nigel mcginnises philosophy about like, what you'd like to see. And as you very accurately pointed out, there's there's no way for him to do the things that he wants to do within his own philosophy. But we do mean it's not philosophy. We don't have a sense of what these proud boys are. So now we got to take a look at this.

Jordan  34:11
I'm not going to use any of the words that I have. I have a sense of who these proud boys are. Would you like me? No, listen, no, just listen, I'll write down a series of adjectives.

Dan  34:23
This video explains a little bit okay. All right.

Proud Boys' Spokesperson   34:26
Focusing on this game and having meetups fucking secret handshakes. Yeah, initiations.

Jordan  34:38
secret handshakes.

Dan  34:40
No, he's saying let's beat the shit out of each other. Yeah. He just wants a fight club.

Jordan  34:44
He wants to jerk himself off while talking to me looking camera.

Dan  34:48
He loves Palahniuk. That's basically what's going on here. So not that point of the video. It goes to show handshake it shows that's like a Rick and Morty bit. I looked into a bunch of I like I looked into the proud boys and I was like what? What's going on? I found a ton of videos of their initiation ceremonies.

Jordan  35:07
I wish you would have no no, you can't be pulling up a clip. Here's the audio of one of them can't be pulling up a clip of this.

Dan  35:14
It begins with the proud boys pledge. No, don't put the mic down. Because people need to hear this.

Alex Jones  35:23
I am a Western chauvinist who refuses to apologize for creating the modern world wasteland.

Dan  35:35
So you heard that there it was. I am a modern Western chauvinist, who refuses to apologize for having created the modern world, which is fucking horrible.

Alex Jones  35:47
And a proud boy

Dan  35:55
you're hearing some slabs there. And that is their initiation ceremony, which is everybody gets around the initiate, and they all just punch him. So everybody just they jump in there, but it's all these little soft punches. It's all these like old dudes giving really weak punches and they have no room to like, really get a punch going. So it's all these little short range punches. And the guy is just sort of laughing is like Ha ha ha. And here we go. Hold up, please. Just hold on. You were so furious.

Alex Jones  36:37
Right check. Grape Nuts. Shredded. These guys made me think of Froot Loops. My lucky job.

Dan  36:50
So whenever they're getting pumped

Jordan  36:52
ease the ease of the fucks the only one Twitter everyone's afraid of the only alright folks who tickle each other. And fucking what is what fucking is that? Dan, what the fuck is that? Trevor not talked for this long on our podcast. We're never gonna be so fucking angry about this. Every single moment of my life is now paying for ever because these are the people. People who run the world. No,

Dan  37:24
no, let me the bullies.

Jordan  37:27
This is my advice to every woman on the planet. Kill all men. put more money into genetic research, and just fucking move on without us. You don't need us. You don't need us anymore. Because they're our kin clone shit, you guys will

Dan  37:42
be fine. Because there's a segment of the population that's into this. Just get rid of us. So let's get rid of us. Jordan Jordan, I feel like I need to fully explain what's going on there.

Jordan  37:51
So there's these dudes. What do you mean, you need to explain what's going on?

Dan  37:54
So they're punching him into the group? Right? They're all just punching him. They're they're fucking

Jordan  37:58
they're jacking him up. They're fucking Oh,

Dan  38:01
the only the only way for it to stop. The only way for the punching to stop is for the Initiate to Name five things in a certain category that someone yells out. So in that instance, it was cereals. Yes. And he was yelling out the names of cereals.

Jordan  38:16
So this is a bad improv show. Basically, that's what we're doing right here.

Dan  38:20
Yeah. No,

Jordan  38:21
it's a second city class one. No,

Dan  38:23
it's based on like Circle of Death, or those drinking games you'd play in college. You know, it's like category time. How

Jordan  38:29
How did you know is this your fucking with me? No, this is just recording from the movie old school. Right? This is totally real. This is just totally real Harding. Video via video human beings. Do not act like this in real life.

Dan  38:45
The video that I just played you are the guys listing off serials and getting slapped. At the end of it. There's a title card that says Video Produced by Gavin McInnes. This is directly from him. So now, here's the other thing, I found a bunch of other initiation videos. And one of them is so fucking funny. Because they're like, You got to train, they get the guy into the circle, and they're punching him. And he has to name I can't remember what the five of the category was. But he's like naming them. And then some guy accidentally punches him in the face. And then it's supposed to be body punches. And then he's like, go punch me in the foods. And then everybody's like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, everybody's like, can

Jordan  39:21
we keep them in a zoo? Like, where we can keep them? No, we built biodomes for these fuckers. But I mean, like, how worthless piles of human garbage. If we're gonna

Dan  39:30
get into like the masculinity of it. It's like, okay, you draw a line and getting punched in the face. Like, that's the worst thing that could possibly happen. You're doing all these body shots to prove that you're a man. And one guy punches you in the face. And I was like, Yeah,

Jordan  39:42
stop the ritual. It's a ritual like love but not for your face.

Dan  39:46
You don't want to destroy something that's so beautiful as these old men I hate all of these old men reclaiming their masculinity. I

Jordan  39:52
have never I have never I am a male chauvinist. That's the is that that's how it starts. It's the

Dan  39:59
Western Shogun

Jordan  40:00
I'm a wet fuck off. Yeah, that's mighty might as well say I'm a white male chauvinist.

Dan  40:06
Oh, there are no non white people in no video really know what

Jordan  40:09
a shocker. What a goddamn shots zero fucking Oh god. Do you know what? I do know what the only way this makes sense? It's a prank is if White people were genetically engineered by Yaqoob it's totally only thing I believe now but like dun dun you

Dan  40:28
understand like this is this is what Nigel McGuinness is all about.

Jordan  40:33
He's a giant fuck. This

Dan  40:35
is his group. This is horrendous. This is horrendous. It's somewhere. Somewhere between a drum a dumb drunk pussy fraternity and fight club. It's somewhere in the middle. It's like an ambivalent Fight Club for dudes who feel dispossessed and feel like they don't have any masculinity. Do they look

Jordan  40:55
like us? Do they look normal? I may be walking among us at any point in time. A couple of them probably find the proud boys.

Dan  41:02
I think a lot of them have tattoos apparently.

Jordan  41:06
All right. I find a proud boy tattoo. I am going to pay you on that tattoo. Also, if you're on a human being if you're

Dan  41:13
a proud boy and you want to defend yourself, please feel free to hit us up on Twitter or at our Gmail. You know, I'll have a conversation. I'm willing to hear him out.

Jordan  41:22
I will too, but it'll actually involve a lot of any number of words. It's a number of words. I hate like fuck boy.

Dan  41:30
I hate to say this Hawk face. Well, it does seem like a lot of really repressed homosexuality too, because they're always without shirts on and shit. Absolutely. I mean, there is

Jordan  41:40
there's nothing wrong with a little Homer reticence? No, not at all fine. As we all know, the Spartans doesn't get stronger than them. No super homoerotic. Absolutely. Do. You know, who did? What? I don't know wrestled or something. But they weren't the fucking proud boys. They're so proud. Proud, proud boys proud boys, which is even call yourselves the fucking butter, butter, scotch gang or whatever the fuck it

Dan  42:06
wouldn't be better be proud, man.

Jordan  42:08
Don't know.

Dan  42:09
But wouldn't that be better? I mean, in terms of their branding.

Jordan  42:12
Did you listen to any of this shit? That is subconscious reality hitting them where it's like, oh, no, we're definitely not men. We're blue. We're proud boys. Yeah, this is what are they the little rascals too?

Dan  42:28
Well, yeah, I mean, they are prankster ish. Certainly,

Jordan  42:31
God, I hate them so much. Yeah, man, I hate them so much. It's so

Dan  42:35
fucking funny. But it isn't funny because one of them is going to, like beat our asses. That's what's gonna happen

Jordan  42:42
that the one who murders people for fun or whatever the fuck they

Dan  42:45
call, we're talking shit here. And the end result of this is us getting our ass kicked by a proud boy. So that's that part's not very fun. But even if I do get my ass kicked by a proud boy, I still think they're fucking hilarious.

Jordan  42:58
If you somehow if you get your ass kicked by a proud boy, I have no doubt based on that behavior, that they will feel very guilty and turn themselves into the cop because they are giant fucking pussies.

Dan  43:12
Yeah, but also I want to say this. Okay, we're done. We're done talking about the proud boys for now. Thank you. We needed to discuss that just to give a sense of who this McGuiness character is as probably but as this develops and as the rest of this goes along. You've got to know what he's into. Yeah, and without that piece, you don't have a full understanding.

Jordan  43:28
Have you ever seen the movie tickled? I have. Yeah. This is that. Do you know what he's into? Watching homoerotic dudes touch each other?

Dan  43:37
It seems like he's thrilled by it. Yeah, but anyway, yeah, he's very thrilled. Jordan, it's time for us to cleanse our palate with another out of context drop from Alex. Thank God.

Alex Jones  43:46
They call me the main machine. Yep,

Jordan  43:53
they call him the main machine meme. The meme machine. Oh god, how is that even worse than what he just said?

Dan  43:59
Well, I mean, he's codenamed the Texan codename the Texan meme machine mini machine.

Dan  44:03
They call him that he's like I love to be made fun of a hot so fun.

Jordan  44:06
Anyway, they do not call him the gangster of love.

Dan  44:09
No, no one also calls him Maurice.

Jordan  44:13
Boy meme Joe Green.

Dan  44:16
So we just had where we left off in the episode was McGinnis talking about Friar Tuck one of the proud boys and how he fights off people at events. Alexander tuck the proud boy Alex has some thoughts about how liberals punch people.

Alex Jones  44:32
Swing like this like yep,

Jordan  44:40
I mean, one. That is how I punch. But that is because I have early onset arthritis. And as we all know, that does make you a liberal.

Dan  44:53
That's how I punch also, but that's because I have a mild related Tourette's. Oh really? Yeah. So on. I'm sorry,

Jordan  45:01
I think it's my awake apnea. That's really what it is.

Dan  45:06
So this next clip, Gavin wants to discuss why people keep attacking him.

Jordan  45:10
What the fuck? Have you ever seen? Why is that? What? How? Do you understand why have you ever met a goddamn adult? Have these people ever seen an adult? No, but they have you seen liberals punch and then I punch hard? Are you a fucking kromagg They are human being

Dan  45:29
that's what they think they are. They think they're the ones we're adults and we are children. That's awesome. That's amazing. Anyway, Gavin wants to talk a little bit about why he thinks the people are attacking him. And I gotta say, he's kind of right. He's also wrong. So here we go.

Gavin McInnes   45:49
Well, there's so confident that we are the straw man of the Nazis or whatever the hell we are. So the we're hit. So if you're gonna kill Hitler, you feel confident about I mean, the people talking about Trump traveling and killing a baby. It's just, it's the only murder that's totally acceptable. So now that we're all Hitler, Trump, everyone literally in the country is Hitler. Just be on their phone going? Yeah, he's right here in front of me. Let's get him. Okay. Why don't you go? I'm not gonna sit here and watch you plan my attack.

Dan  46:16
So I mean, that's kind of fair. If someone

Jordan  46:18
so these guys just have this giant, like, Boehner fantasy of punching somebody and being justified for it moral, all they really want. Yeah, all they want is to be justified in punching somebody because they have so much repressed rage that they don't know how to channel into anything useful.

Dan  46:37
Well, when I was in middle school in junior high, I wanted to be in a street fight really badly. But I wanted to be on the right side of it. Like I wanted to get into a big, like, great fight. That was like a big fantasy of mine, but then I grew up. And now I don't want to do that. So it's interesting, you know, like just to have these sort of, you know, benchmarks in our own lives that we've grown through, to kind of relate to how the proud boys act now.

Jordan  47:01
Yes. I want to talk like children like poor boy, tiny little boys,

Dan  47:06
but they're proud. I want to I want to talk though, about this.

Jordan  47:09
I saw May I punch you?

Dan  47:12
I think he's right, though, about this idea that people saying that he's a Nazi, and those sorts of things, allow them to be able to attack him. Right. I think he's right about that.

Jordan  47:22
Right. And I want to you are a Nazi you I

Dan  47:26
want to say this. Okay. When we talk about people like Sebastian Gorka, he's actually a Nazi, right? When we talk about someone like Milo Yiannopoulos he has slight Nazi ish tendencies, but he's not really a Nazi. What

Jordan  47:38
about Richard Spencer?

Dan  47:39
Richard Spencer is an avowed neo Nazi he taught he is he admits that right? So that's fine. When we're talking about someone like Gavin McInnes, or we're talking about someone like Mike Cernovich, or even Alex Jones. They're not Nazis. And when people make those comparisons is inappropriate. But what they are is still someone that needs I would still punch

Jordan  48:02
Yes, the whole point of that was punch for the right reason. His

Dan  48:05
his point is that everyone's comparing them to Nazis to make it okay to punch them. And I agree that that's stupid, but just rank them based on their words, and go ahead and punch.

Jordan  48:13
Yeah, don't

Dan  48:14
do the Nazi Yeah.

Jordan  48:15
Because you know what, I feel like that's a good point,

Dan  48:18
you are away from the Nazi class,

Jordan  48:20
I would rather be punched for who I am on the inside, as opposed to what you perceive me to be on the outside. Bingo can never punch a book by its cover. Bingo. You have to open up the pages and really get into usually like page 87. That's a punch of book. Yeah,

Dan  48:35
exactly. So now, we're gonna take a shift away from me and keep in mind throughout this whole thing, it's the three of them talking. And then at the end, Cernovich disappears. And it's just Alex and McGinnis. But for now, boys, Iboats for now, Mike Cernovich is going to pop back up and I'm going to bust his bubble. Okay. People are

Alex Jones  48:59
gonna miss family calls because how are you handling it? Are you really working for a shot? I mean, I've never been in the Middle East Assad. All I said was I don't like Assad. I don't like al Qaeda. Our government started the war. There it is. And their main Twitter feed, the conspiracy with the chemical weapons attack in Syria was a hoax. And they go on to say these unAmerican traitors, these useful idiots. And so I don't know how am I supposed to talk about myself? Right so like you're watching this from vantec you plenty Gavin as well trying to beat you up and kill you. What is going on? We're all Russian agents. We're all I mean, I support Trump. I get the missile attack made him look strong. I'm just saying I don't believe that chemical attack was Assad because they've caught the rebels doing it before and they don't have any proof he did it. I'm not even attacking Trump effect in America the only way I'm saying okay, you blow up an empty airfield and shut them up but I a Russian agent, I kind of sickly support it I've admitted that kind of becoming like Machiavelli, because now we've got a guy in there doing their own tricks against them. But I'm just saying how do we know Assad did it? And now in newspapers everywhere. I am an Assad agent. You are we're together in us. Look at us, we got a gathering. Are you getting orders from Assad?

Jordan  50:03
So he's very you didn't allow Gavin to answer?

Dan  50:06
No. And he's very conveniently not asking Cernovich who is sitting right next to him? Cernovich is in studio Gavin's over Skype. Okay. And the reason is that there's very strong evidence that has now come out that at least as it relates to the Syrian hoax hashtag that was going around on Twitter. That was no, that was a Russian up. Oh, you think so? They've traced back the earliest tweets that use the hashtag Syria? Oh, the

Jordan  50:33
Syrian hoax part was a Russian up, not the actual sarin gas. No,

Dan  50:38
no, no, the thing on Twitter that has been traced back to the earliest ones were in Russia, and bizarrely, a very high incidence of people tweeting about that in Somalia, which could conceivably be bought farms, I would assume so which is, it does support the there's there's a there's a lady who fully documented the beginning of the, how the operation sort of went, Yeah. And how it went was that someone tweeted with the hashtag, no more fake wars, and with a call to arms to a group. And so a bunch of people started retweeting that with a bunch of other hashtags. And immediately Syrian hoax got involved in that. Okay. Someone implanted that into this thread that people tweeting, got activity, more people tweeted, Syrian hoax. All of these appear to be fake accounts.

Jordan  51:31
So they did a concentrated attack base it well not attack, but whatever. Like they used a bullhorn. Yes, that's what they did. Well, no, no, no, they amplified it over and over and over again, until it found its way into the public consciousness, it's

Dan  51:46
basically you have something that's bouncing back and forth on a really small area. So it's like, you have a ball that's going back and forth between two walls that are very close. If there if it comes in with momentum, it'll keep going much faster than if the walls were further apart, right. So you have these accounts that are all being run by the same bot farms usually, are very close. And so they start coordinating on this thread and start putting names onto it onto this thread. And along the way, it also had all kinds of like things about these wars or jus wars.

Jordan  52:17
And so there actually is a literal meme machine. There is a meme machine. Yes. And it is not Alex Jones. So that's how we have finally busted that our most important achievement today. Right? So no one calls him the meme machine. So

Dan  52:31
that's how it started. That's how this thing started with these threads. And people started retweeting them because they had the memes, people started to pick up on it. And it started trending. And that's when people like Mike Cernovich got involved. So it

Jordan  52:44
is it is like a literal propaganda injection.

Dan  52:48
Yes. And it is useful idiocy. Yeah, it is these people who are willing to believe all sorts of things as long as it fulfills their globalist Deep State narrative. Yeah. So they pick up on these things. They put nation bias, they push them really hard. And then Oh, shit. The reality starts to come out maybe a week later, that this was something that was started by Russians. And you can never you can never catch up to it. No, you can't get there. You know it now but the damage is done. Yeah, exactly. Sounds really stupid. People have already bought it and they're

Jordan  53:16
there. Once you've bought into it, you're going to reject any information that debunks that, because then that would make you look like a fucking idiot. Now, if

Dan  53:23
you want to go further than just this very awesome article that has screenshots that documented the beginning of the hashtag. Yeah. And what are the proud boys have to say about it, their mum on the topic, coincidently mum. But this guy, JM Berger, who's a member of the International Center of counterterrorism at The Hague. His job is to study propaganda and social media analytical techniques. He was quoted as saying that the Syria hoax hashtag is a, quote, clear example of Russian influence campaigns designed to undermine the credibility of the US government. And he went on to say the point of an influence campaign is to get people involved who wouldn't otherwise be involved. A lot of people in the alt right would not necessarily characterize themselves as being pro Russian. But they're receiving influence from this campaign. Oh, that's a guy at the fucking Hague.

Jordan  54:14
So they're dumb. Yeah. They're dumb. Yeah. I would love to I would love to sugarcoat that in like a way that seems more fair and like that, and like that way that you go on TV news, and they don't say the President is a liar. They say the President has made a false claim. Yeah, exactly. It has has implied this whereas the reality is this. I am not going to do that.

Dan  54:39
I am going it's not our job.

Jordan  54:40
I am going to say that these people are dumb. I'm gonna say the fucking ding dongs. I'm gonna say you might as well be an honorary proud boy. So and that's not something you should be proud of.

Dan  54:50
So we honorary boy, we have we have what I can see and what all my research is has led me to believe that they are paying Reading Russian and pro Assad talking points that aren't necessarily based in truth.

Jordan  55:04
Right. Now, what's the whole the whole

Dan  55:07
point? Sorry, sorry. So how they're presenting it is that people are accusing them of being Assad agents, where that's what Alex always says like people think I'm a Russian agents are saying I'm a pro Assad agent. Yeah, no one is accusing you of working with Assad. They're accusing you of having an agenda that matches up with his, and you're using his propaganda because you've been duped? Yeah, exactly. Do. And it's hard to admit when you're duped, like I very early, but right before we started this podcast, me and Marty DeRosa recorded an episode of a podcast that he and I did together. And we were talking about called the oops, we've been duped podcast might as well have been. Yeah. Okay. It was called. That's what they want you to think. And we discussed conspiracy theories and stuff like that. And part of the fun was that we bought into stuff for for humor, and to make the conversation more fun. Yeah, but there was a point at which we really did buy into, for instance, the idea that Hillary Clinton was going to die like she was deeply sick. Now, we bought into that because it did appear that there were videos of her falling down and stuff like that, and it didn't look good. Now, the only real response that we had to that was afterwards right now. We were dumb. Yeah, we fucked up on that one. We believed bad sources. We bought into whatever this was right. And that's what you do when you fuck up. Right? And Mike Cernovich has not done that. Not if

Jordan  56:37
your brand is to never fuck up. Or if you can't, they can't do

Dan  56:40
it. But I would argue that's not being a man.

Jordan  56:43
Yeah, well, I would argue Of course, it's not being a man and so far. No, no, no, no, I'm done with I'm done with man. I'm done with man that fight man, adult adult, I'm done with that, like nebulous concept of what an adult man being an adult being a fucking being not an idiot, being not a moron. So now

Dan  57:02
you get the you get the glimpse of this roundtable that we're having in this team of superpowers because these dudes do have huge followings on their own life. So we've got the proud boys leader over here. We've got the dummy who believes pro Russian propaganda and spoon feeds it to his dumb audience. Cernovich or Cernovich. Okay, and then we've got Alex Jones, who we fully documented as a fragile, broken human being.

Jordan  57:28
Somehow we have more empathy for him. Well, yeah, because we know him better. Yeah, but we should have empathy for anybody who calls himself a proud boy, what a poor but heartbroken useless. Remember, that just might as well be an intellectual blob of a human. Remember, I'm never going to not be angry at you for telling me about the proud boys. To understand that, I think you really need to understand, like, on a deep personal level, the fact that I now know that the proud boys exist, is going to associate them with you for the rest of my life. So in the back of my head, get a drink. I'm going to be thinking, this is my proud

Dan  58:05
boys spoiling me the problem is

Jordan  58:07
always there almost always there. So

Dan  58:10
Be that as it may, I want you to remember that you're making an argument. While you're misaligning. Me, you're making it, you're making an argument that we should have empathy for anyone who builds a group called the proud boys. Remember that later? I as this goes on. Now,

Jordan  58:24
let me let me let me do this for you. So just because I have empathy for somebody does not mean I also don't want every single person on the entire planet to hit them in the face. At least one punch them right. And that silly mistake, right? In that dumb face. Yeah, right in the dumb face.

Dan  58:47
So where you left off? McGinnis was being asked by Alex, what's your response to being called the Russian agent or Assad agent? And like I said, there's a reason he didn't necessarily have it. Because that opens a can of worms. No, sort of he could probably handle it. He could spin his way out of it. But the facts on the ground aren't looking good. So anyway, he asks McGinnis, and here is his answer. That really goes bad.

Alex Jones  59:12
Gavin, are you getting orders from Assad?

Gavin McInnes   59:14
Yeah, I was just talking to him on the phone, here via Skype on the other TV, but my thing was sad as I go, I don't care. I don't care if it was actors. I don't care if they just had kids go like that. The big picture is that the world saw a bad thing. So the big man has to go boom, on the bad thing. And now women respect him here in

Dan  59:40
LA, he's talking about the pictures of the cast kids, he doesn't care if it's one. You should care if it's fake or not. Certainly,

Jordan  59:48
because a lot of people are going to die. And if it's fake, those people could totally not die. But if it's real effect, not kill people, if it's not real, because that would be a lie. And you shouldn't go start a war based on a lie. Especially be a bad fucking idea. If you if you did that say 15 goddamn years later maybe we would not have any fucking

Dan  1:00:13
speaking of which you shouldn't not start a war based on a lie on Twitter also that goes back to that hashtag thing but you don't you love that though it's like real or not what ends up happening is big man has to make boom boom to impress woman and

Jordan  1:00:30
now women respect him. That was it. That was it. Yeah, that was it. That's all he needed but he's a Western surely needed Western chauvinist. Hi, let them let me say feel like I want to get inside the brain of these people. But

Dan  1:00:42
you don't what is it? I bet you don't

Jordan  1:00:44
like like, just for the for just for a moment like entertain what does it feel like on the inside to be one of these assholes hurtful,

Dan  1:00:52
it hurts probably it has to it has to

Jordan  1:00:55
it has to eat them right? Like within. They have to have those moments where they go home. And they're watching TV and their brain is right about to shut off. Yeah, they have to have that moment where they feel small and childish and empty. Right.

Dan  1:01:10
I would assume? I would assume. Yeah. I mean, I think I think that's a pretty human thing.

Jordan  1:01:16
Right? But I can't I can't really understand the depth of that, because I don't feel small and childish and empty. I feel like the world is ending right now. And I feel that way. Because the world is ending right now.

Dan  1:01:32
Well, up until like five years ago or so we didn't have proud boys in the world. That's got to be an entire design. What a beautiful was that in Revelation?

Jordan  1:01:40
Actually, there are the four proud boys of the apocalypse. I believe I remember that part.

Dan  1:01:45
There's Friar Tuck. Again, it's just disease. Pestilence. Exactly. So he actually goes on further and I think it actually gets even more misogynistic.

Gavin McInnes   1:01:57
Okay, they go, Oh, the patriarchy is back. Because we know feminists deep down want to pick her patriarchy, Obama's legacy is obliterated, because he said he would draw a line in the sand and he got cocked. So that's awesome. He's killed as you say the Russian theory. I think the neocons even are getting too much hubris too confident they're gonna be wiped out. I mean, we can all take pictures. These terrorists are absolute animals, they dismember our soldiers, they tear out beating hearts and eat them. They sell fingers. And the and the market data was more trophies. There's literally no market for body parts, just as a coach from AWS. So we don't negotiate with them. We don't send them democracy. We just scare them with huge fireworks. Also,

Jordan  1:02:41
I was very well sex doesn't

Dan  1:02:43
deliver. You talked over it. But Alex with the answer, that's very well said.

Jordan  1:02:47
Yeah. No, it's not. Yeah. No, it was perfectly so let's break down a couple of things. Women, secret feminists, now women, women are actually against the patriarchy, right? Feminists? That's their whole goal. You remember how they say that all

Dan  1:03:00
the time? No, no, no, no, you're actually being wrong. Women as a whole all want the patriarchy. But the feminists who speak out against it secretly want it. The rest of them are cool. Okay. So everybody wants the patriarch. All right.

Jordan  1:03:11
Yeah, absolutely. Now that is at its base. That is the what slightly less aggressive form of No, she actually wanted it abroad. Totally. That's what that is. Totally. And that's exactly what

Dan  1:03:28
take the rape metaphor away from it. What it is, is an attempt to say like, you don't know what you think, yeah, it's an attempt to take agency away from women, and it's fucking awful. Yeah, it's absolutely on its face. Not true. It implies some sort of like secret knowledge of women that like because he's talking to proud boys most of the time. They don't know. So he whatever he says, he seems cool. He started vice, he must know what women think. He doesn't know. We know a lot of women who are feminists, we know a lot of women who are on the fence about what they would want to identify themselves as. I don't think that any of them are like, Fuck, I really secretly wish men ruled over everything. You

Jordan  1:04:11
know, it's crazy. Now, and I know you're not gonna believe this. I probably

Dan  1:04:15
won't. But this is totally true. Okay,

Jordan  1:04:17
I'm listening. Every woman. All right, has told me that she wants the patriarchy ship. Now she did it secretly though. She tapped it on my arm in Morse code. Oh, yeah, that's how you know what they think. Well, no, no, we haven't figured this out. She

Dan  1:04:31
was speaking Woman Code when she said that I would like to make as much as a man. She was really saying was so cool that men make more than me. That sort of thing. You know, like that's, that's

Jordan  1:04:40
women code. All right. I didn't know that. I was I was actually in the proud girls. So girls, we didn't learn about that. Oh, Jesus, so that cookies are way better than

Dan  1:04:51
then beyond that. He's like, we've Trump's actions have destroyed the Russia narrative and has he they have not bad or not even a little bit the drop thing of the mother of all bombs on Afghanistan right happened almost immediately after news broke that seven different countries relayed information to the United States intelligence community. Yep, that Trump surrogates were directly meeting with Russian spies. Yes. So the idea that this is going to stop that no, absolutely not. The the proliferation of information is gone too far. Is

Jordan  1:05:26
it going to stop it in time? No, probably not. We're fucked. We have to. Why? Why can't they just fucking do this?

Dan  1:05:33
Because if they pull the trigger too early, they botched the entire thing. This is how it goes with investigations. If it's not if it's not iron clad. Yeah, you're going to end up coming in too early.

Jordan  1:05:45
That's exactly what the CIA said to Lehigh, Lee Harvey hospital.

Dan  1:05:49
That happens all the time and investigations. No, I

Jordan  1:05:52
know, jobs to be a way to fucking stop this. It's clear. At least. Okay. circumstantially, circumstantially, it's clear that the President committed treason. Yeah. Now, it does not matter if he actually committed treason or not. What matters is that the entire world looks at the American president and says, That guy committed treason. So let's not have that guy. Can we just not have that guy? Like, if you're if you're in the GOP, can you just not do this? Can't you just once have the fucking balls? To just be like, hey, no, we just got can't we just do over? Can we have a do over?

Dan  1:06:33
I don't know if you saw this.

Jordan  1:06:35
Do over.

Dan  1:06:36
I'd like that. I don't know if it's on the Constitution. But I'd like that. But also, I don't know if you saw this today. But there was a Freedom of Information Act request made about the polls in the states that Trump won, that he was sort of suspiciously won. The North Carolina's Michigan's Yeah, these states, and the return of the Freedom of Information Act said that there were 90 reports of malfunctioning machines. They had 90 reports about malfunctioning machines in those states, really. And yeah, so all that information is about to come out. Like that's all going to come out in the near future. I have no idea. It could just be like, Oh, these poor counties had bad machines. Yes,

Jordan  1:07:18
that's most likely the case. That one's that one's a little bit too. Too far.

Dan  1:07:22
No, but that's a STEMI. That's systemic racism.

Jordan  1:07:26
That's likely Yeah, that's more likely the situation

Dan  1:07:29
now Russia is still a part of the conversation. Yeah. You know, so when you're talking about No, the when you're when you're talking about someone who cheated their way to the presidency, having deeply democratic counties that are heavily, you know, disenfranchised populations, giving them the shady equipment and refusing to, to fix it.

Jordan  1:07:52
I mean, it's even a part of that, even if the Russians didn't influence the election the GOP did by trying to keep as many people as possible from voting. Right? Right. They couldn't win. So they cheated. Now, they're so good at that, like historically in America, they always do that. And the Democrats are like, how All right you guys got us this time? We it's we're we're bumbling idiots. Yeah, it's such a bummer that the proud boys are winning over me. Anyway, can we get a music sting of

Dan  1:08:25
that? You know what I'm picking up like that song while boys? Yeah. Anyway, the next clip that we're going into is a little bit of a discussion about that mother of all bombs that was dropped, as again. I mean, I can't it's not fair to call it a distraction because it's a real act of war looking atrocity. Yeah, but the timing of it is very fucking weird. It's very fucking weird. Just but anyway,

Jordan  1:08:51
just the dropping of it is a fucking like, there's no going back. Like that's never it never doesn't. It

Dan  1:08:57
always works like that. And the only escalation paths

Jordan  1:09:01
are fucking nuclear weapon or hydrogen bombs. It is always going to escalate. i

Dan  1:09:08
I'm sorry. I realized that I totally cut you off when you were talking about Obama. The

Jordan  1:09:12
Obama being cocked? Yeah. Ya know, that he said that was his proudest decision not to fucking engage with Syria and instead to find a peaceful

Dan  1:09:22
way to do that, because it demonstrates restraint.

Jordan  1:09:25
It it does the whole thing because literally everybody in the government told him that he now has to blow them up or whatever. And he's the only voice that didn't. And now you look at everybody who was in his government, and they're all like, oh, that's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen when we bombed the fuck out of innocent people.

Dan  1:09:43
Gorgeous. Bah. Yeah. So anyway, here we go. So this leads into Gavin McInnes being really fucking stupid.

Alex Jones  1:09:50
I love the Moab because not only is this a big message that hey, we got the big guns on the eve of this North Korea thing. That was a warrant of a bunch of them that they killed who killed Special Forces going in just to get intel on him. We're running out of Syria and Iraq. You said cleaning up Obama's mess. There now they dropped this 20. Mom, and it kills them all. I mean, that's eight finally and they say, Oh, he wants a military dictatorship. He says I've given them total authorization. There was his to carry out his constitutional orders with this micromanaging call Obama seat and he would never answer the phone. Sure we have we have been locked in the sides. We can't go in. I like

Jordan  1:10:29
the humane. Wait, did he just say, Sir, we have Obama in the sights and we can sama bin Laden? Right? Or yeah, no, but they were saying that to Obama, the guy who ordered and succeeded in killing Osama well, but

Dan  1:10:43
if you believe, I don't know, because Alex is mixing up his narratives. Alex is Alex is all over the board a lot of conspiracy people and I'm not entirely sure what Alex is feeling on this is but they believe that Osama bin Laden was killed long before

Jordan  1:10:58
Oh, that's right. I remember that where he drowned at sea. And they didn't have that they didn't have the body so they couldn't

Dan  1:11:03
do that. It was all it was all a cover up and what have you so I just know, there's no winning if you're Obama, but like, Well,

Jordan  1:11:11
did you see the poll? Though? The the most amazing poll I think I've ever seen in my entire life. Democrats who support so you're attacking Syria 37% when Obama was president 37% Now that's great. That's consistency the GOP prior when it was Obama 10% When it was Trump 89%

Dan  1:11:36
That's consistency. Fucking believable insistence like,

Jordan  1:11:39
why do they even exist? I don't know. You don't have any kind of ideology other than we don't like this.

Jordan  1:11:46
We good? You bad. Exactly.

Dan  1:11:48
We're proud boys there.

Jordan  1:11:50
That's you really did just explain it all kind

Dan  1:11:53
of anyway, really did this clip goes on. And Gavin says some really fucking stupid shit that I'll explain at the end of the clip. All right.

Alex Jones  1:12:00
I mean, it's just crazy. Gavin, will you make of that?

Gavin McInnes   1:12:02
I think we've crippled our guys over there. I was talking to Terry Schappert recently, and I said, How do we win this war? And he goes, let us do our job. I mean, right now they've got RPGs. And they go, we're getting shot out from a mosque. What do we do? And we've got to call up. I talked to one vet who told me he said, our guy had to pretend he misunderstood in order to save our lives, because they were shooting from the mosque and the guy said, Don't shoot. demovsky said, what was that? What shoot them asked the guys that were trying to kill them. We've got to let these our dogs loose on these boys. I want the terrorists be going Hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo. Dogs.

Alex Jones  1:12:39
Because we just roar.

Gavin McInnes   1:12:42
Short, sharp shock. By the way, I don't want to quagmire I want to get out and scare the crap out of them.

Dan  1:12:47
Everybody wants a short shock when no one wants a quagmire, but it always turns into Oh, magically. But hold on, hold on. Do they not know that? They don't? Yeah, but everyone else is dumb about history. So he's advocating

Jordan  1:12:57
the neocon position. And yet he was like the Neo cons are never gonna make it exact die. It's very stoic,

Dan  1:13:03
very stupid. These people are stupid. They have no consistency within sentences now, but then also, the rules of engagement dictate that if you're being attacked, you can defend yourself. So even if you're being shot at from a mosque, you can shoot back at them. There's no authorization that's needed to respond. So the idea that you would have to call back and be like, hey, I need I need permission to attack this guy who's shooting at me. That's crazy. You

Jordan  1:13:29
know, I don't I don't necessarily I don't know that. I I'm not going to speculate on that. There are any number of reasons why you wouldn't shoot a mosque, even if it was shooting at you. A mosque is a symbolic situation there are perhaps

Dan  1:13:44
bombed them pretty regularly. Yeah, no, that's true. No, that that argument is flimsy. Well,

Jordan  1:13:50
yeah, it is a flimsy argument that said, if you read a military history, there's a lot of dumb shit that people do and say, I know

Dan  1:13:57
Alex read a lot of it when he was six. But

Jordan  1:14:00
the other Yeah, that that? I don't know. I have no comment on that. Sure.

Dan  1:14:03
That's fair enough. My position is that defensive things are very different than assaults, yes, that you need to use permission for. But then secondarily, he's saying I talk to a vet. Again, it's an anecdotal story that seems to make some nebulous point that I think is contestable.

Jordan  1:14:21
And furthermore, we know that he has talked to a blank and there has never actually been that person ever.

Dan  1:14:28
Right. Right. So look, I just think that's that's pretty stupid.

Jordan  1:14:31
It's very stupid. I don't I think it worries me so much. Anytime somebody says the solution is to let our dogs loose. Oh, what are you talking about?

Dan  1:14:45
The solution is to kill more people.

Jordan  1:14:47
How many people have to It's ludicrous. It's ludicrous.

Dan  1:14:52
Yeah, yeah. And it always does seem to be sort of

Jordan  1:14:57
who do we need to kill? I know the poll. or the other the like, it's so simple. It's so simple. The Mother of All bombs cost $310 million think was 314 Yeah, something like that the entire budget the entire yearly budget of any number of programs, and it accomplished nothing but kill other than to show that we can make a big bomb

Dan  1:15:23
it killed 36 ISIS members and then that number was upgraded to like 90 something. But that number the higher number is dubious and even if it was 94 people in ISIS that's not worth it. Anyway

Jordan  1:15:37
was it was never worth it to make it in the first place.

Dan  1:15:39
But I am theirs. Of course not. But I am beyond that. There is no estimate that I've been able to find of the amount of civilians that are killed by a bomb that has a blast radius of a mile. Yeah, like I don't I can't imagine how many people died.

Jordan  1:15:53
It's a yeah, this is this is why at any time. Like, it is really important to realize that America is not the good guy. Certainly not by default. We are no longer we're not even fucking at this point. Russia is kind of a better guy than we are.

Dan  1:16:12
If they just stay out of shit for like 10 years. They're doing better than us. But listen, we're getting off track

Jordan  1:16:18
we need no we're not gonna Yeah, this is this is not the let's discuss American foreign policy. No,

Dan  1:16:25
go to foreign policy for that. Great articles, but more about Sebastian Gorka. Anyway, we have to get into this because now we're going to take a sharp veer from this warship. And we're going to take a hard turn into culture battles. Great. And this next clip explains kind of what the left is all about. You know, like, if you really want to get into truth about the left, it's right here. Okay, it's right

Jordan  1:16:51
here. I'm assuming that they know about the left and sit well, since they know so much about the women. Sure. I assume they assume they know more about the left.

Dan  1:16:59
I'll tell you what that plays into this.

Jordan  1:17:01
Oh, what a shocker.

Alex Jones  1:17:03
Why is the left literally in bed with the most monotheistic cult like anti woman, anti liberal thing on earth? I mean, I know we talk about this all the time, but the left what he's what he's

Dan  1:17:15
talking about Islam. He's talking about the left being in bed with his law.

Jordan  1:17:19
Ah, all right. All right. All right. Microphone, microphone out.

Alex Jones  1:17:25
So bad. They're so anti freedom anti West, anti Western chivalrous male, that they will roll into the most nasty crap in the world and a huge banquet of food and the highest quality cultures ready for him? And they just throw it in the gutter and then climb into a cess pit into a into a sewage pot and are like rubbing crap all over themselves, Gavin?

Gavin McInnes   1:17:48
Well, I think it's because they hate the family. And why did it hurt the family? I don't know. They have daddy issues. Maybe they're weak. And they can't bear the idea of having kids and having to propose and women can handle that they can create and shape lives. They're overwhelmed by their own magic, their own. They're sentient beings, as Ann Coulter calls them. And men just don't have the balls to stop playing video games and actually put a ring on it. And so they've created this world where everything about them is anti family more trans more gay weddings. We have to all workers they don't

Alex Jones  1:18:20
have it they're against can't vote. Because they don't have it. They're against it right Gavin,

Gavin McInnes   1:18:24
right. And they go they see these Muslims and they go well, they are racist, homophobic, prejudiced, extremist who wants to obliterate the West, but in that Obliteration, the family will get destroyed. So I'm gonna have Linda stars to a run the Woman's March and I'll put a hijab on my head.

Dan  1:18:41
That's I mean, that's an interesting theory.

Dan  1:18:42
I know. It's not.

Dan  1:18:45
That was me being sarcastic. It's a very boring theory, I would posit that it's possible that liberals are cool with Muslims, because we're into a diversity of opinion and human being a diversity of cultures, because we like that we like the humans. Yeah. And I would, I would say that all liberals that I've ever met, are against things like genital mutilation, childhood child, brides false flag, all of these sorts of things that are parts of primitive culture that do still exist in parts of the developing world. We are against those things. Yep. And that's not at all

Jordan  1:19:20
we're against any number. It's not at all fair to religious theocracies not

Dan  1:19:25
at all fair to point the finger at all Muslims and say, you cut clips off, you know, that's not fair at all. Hashtag

Jordan  1:19:31
Yes. All Muslims,

Dan  1:19:32
it's not fair to say that even a hijab is some sort of sign of oppression. I don't want to get on a soapbox here and make an argument that, hey, a hijab is freedom because that's a stupid argument to make. And it's a world that I'm totally outside of. Yeah, but I do know a number of Muslim people and a lot of conversations that I've had. It's a choice. It's a choice you can make. It's not really the biggest deal in the world.

Jordan  1:19:55
It all comes back to these guys have never met these. It's like these guys have no ever met people? It's

Dan  1:20:00
like 12 year old Christians wearing promise, right? Yeah. Yeah. True to some they've

Jordan  1:20:04
never they've never experienced any part of the actual world. No, these people have retreated inside of their fantasy world because they're afraid to go

Dan  1:20:11
out yet they yell there and yell that liberals are in bubble.

Jordan  1:20:15
Yeah, they're so mad that people sit in their rooms and play video games and yet at the same time, they're sitting in with the fucking proud boys getting tapped on the soul on the shoulder.

Dan  1:20:27
Chocolate bars.

Jordan  1:20:30
Mr. Goodbar pop. Oh, no. But Butterfinger?

Dan  1:20:34
What was what was Mr. Goodbar? The first one you came up with? Weird, it has

Jordan  1:20:39
peanuts. I like chocolate. All right, is there anything more you need? You're gonna

Dan  1:20:43
have to put down the mic a bunch to the segment that's about to happen because it's so bad. So at this point, I tweeted about this and I felt really kind of bad about the tweet I made. Because I felt like I might have been misaligning the conversation a tiny bit. I didn't.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:03
Okay, but it's within my

Jordan  1:21:04
night will be the judge of that my on varnished rage. Well,

Dan  1:21:08
it's within my very nature to second guess points that I've made. Okay. Even things I've researched, or experienced, I still second guessing question like a cook. I tweeted that. Mike Cernovich, Gavin McInnes, and Alex Jones were having a rousing roundtable about how women secretly want to get hit by men. Right? I tweeted that. And then I felt really insecure cuz some guy tweeted at that Mike Cernovich. And I got really scared that I was gonna have to defend it. And I was worried that they would edit it out of the rebroadcast, I wouldn't be able to find the evidence. Okay, here comes the evidence. There we go. I want to say that I was a little bit wrong, because they were specifically talking about feminists, but at the same time, go fuck themselves. Yeah. And here we go. This is a this is an act of play that will come out in at least two acts, maybe three, here is the first one of it. And it's sort of about how feminists secretly want to be slaves Great.

Mike Cernovich  1:22:03
Well, also, and I don't want to get to sort of, you know, family friendly, but a lot of feminists do have very dark desires. 50 Shades of Grey sold a lot of copies. And, you know, so there might be a little bit they may, I want to

Dan  1:22:15
say, This is my experience. If women

Jordan  1:22:16
have any sort of sexuality, that means they're disgusting, right? Um, thanks, fucker.

Dan  1:22:20
I'm gonna go back to the beginning because I need to I wanted to point out, we haven't really heard his voice all that much. This is my concern of it. Okay. We've mostly had Gavin Eclipse so far, sort of it just kind of been silently sigh. So

Jordan  1:22:31
this is this is Cernovich being spouting his brand of misogyny. And

Dan  1:22:37
I will say he comes he's a little bit more self aware than the other two, that'll play out in a second. But this is him. Okay.

Mike Cernovich  1:22:45
Well, also, and I don't want to get to sort of, you know, family friendly, but a lot of feminists do have very dark desires. 50 Shades of Grey sold a lot of copies. And, you know, so there might be a little bit they maybe they like that dominant component of Islam and maybe feminism, maybe they've

Alex Jones  1:23:00
suppressed it. And we kiss the rational respects, but the pure dirtiness of it they get off on like the slave brothel. And because they want to have women in that position. So they want to be managers in Islam over the other slave women.

Mike Cernovich  1:23:15
Right, exactly. So they're, it's they're so repressed. Now that there's a counter reaction, they would say, Well, I would rather be dominated by these people, rather than deal with these beta males. Gavin, that's

Alex Jones  1:23:24
a smart point. You make that point. Similarly, everybody really wants a strong alpha male figure, the problem is not enough of them. You just pointed that out. It's a shortage. It is our fault. Men are not being men, because this show so that there's the paradigm, then they see Islam, and they go, Oh, that's a daddy.

Dan  1:23:38
So that's a smart point. Let's you screamed over that clip. It's men's fault, because we're not being real men. And we're just dumb beta. So is Islamic men are being real men. Yeah. Because they're beating the women. According to Alex, I don't think that's really the like,

Jordan  1:23:53
they don't know what they're saying at any given point in time.

Dan  1:23:55
Certainly not. And I want to say I'm not taking this unfairly out of context.

Jordan  1:23:59
No, this is exactly what they're saying. They're saying, yeah, these are the words they're using to speak. The words coming out of their mouths. Don't mean fucking anything. That's

Dan  1:24:11
a minute long clip. And it's full sentences. It's not edited at all the these Mike Cernovich comes in, and he says that, because 50 Shades of Grey, and these ideas about consensual BDSM kind of fantasy book sold most

Jordan  1:24:26
to middle aged mom, old housewives.

Dan  1:24:29
Yeah, exactly. Who should be venerated. But like, do you have you ever read like an old romance novel? Yeah. The ones with Fabio on the cover and shit like that. I don't know if I've ever read a fabby. Oh, but a lot of those had similarly, sort of aggressive fantasies contained in them. It wasn't all just like, super romantic flower petals. The sex like there was there was that sort of thread throughout romance novels through history.

Jordan  1:24:59
Yes. sexuality is the thing and you should be allowed to experience it however you desire and nobody should fucking judge you for it totally. They can go fuck themselves

Dan  1:25:07
totally. But then Alex relates it to, like Islam, slave blocks, all this stuff, women wanting to be slaves. And here's where Mike Cernovich fucked up. He said, Oh, well

Jordan  1:25:19
aware, well, just just the one place well, because his point

Dan  1:25:22
about this darker sexuality that feminists might be into. I think it's stupid. But there's something you could unpack in there. That is kind of interesting. Yeah, this idea of power dynamics, played out consensually. Right? Is is kind of fascinating that there was one thing he didn't know he's too dumb to really discuss it. But it is an interesting thing that goes on. He doesn't get too family friendly. No. And by describing all of these BDSM things that feminists secretly want from their Islamic managers, the by the way, how much do you get paid to be an Islamic manager? Is it like 13? an hour?

Jordan  1:25:59
Is it like a Yeah, is it like a McDonald's manager, over 2 billion served. That's That's how Islam works, right?

Dan  1:26:05
But the idea of being submissive in your sexual life really has nothing to do with what you do outside of that. And if you really want to talk about how these women secretly want to bid bid, bid, all that stuff, then unfortunately, what you're gonna have to talk about next is all these CEOs who go to dominate your axes, and talk about talking about Pony play that these guys get into in pegging, you know, if you ever departure I have a couple of friends who are Dominator axes. And they've told me stories, you know, leaving out people's names for privacy, but like super powerful bankers and people like that, who come to them and want to get beat, essentially, they want to be punished. And diaper play comes into it.

Jordan  1:26:44
So it's a lot like if you are you No publicly a heterosexual man, you might want to join a club with a bunch of shirtless men who tap you just tap you. Yeah, yeah. Oh, tell me more. What type of butter Do you like? Ah, is it the is it laying the legs?

Dan  1:27:08
Only butter. Anyone could come up with that. It's Not Butter. That's March. Margarine. Margarine.

Jordan  1:27:12
You know what it's made of? Butter man.

Dan  1:27:15
But like, I think we could encapsulate our position that they should have gotten to but can't by saying sexuality is an incredibly complicated and fascinating, fun thing. And like you should explore it live. Live your life. But it doesn't have anything to do with feminism, wanting the patriarchy to come back. It has nothing to do with this idea that Alex seems to keep coming back to that is white women are going with Muslim men because they want to be oppressed. Because all these white men are not men. They're cops

Jordan  1:27:47
I have I have such a hard time just engaging with that thought. It's so dumb, that I've been ignoring it as much as like you said it again. And it just kind of slide through my brain because it's like, how do you even engage with something that makes so little sense?

Dan  1:28:05
That's kind of our show.

Jordan  1:28:07
That is a good point. That's

Dan  1:28:08
kind of the whole thing that you've you've destroyed, we just choose our spots. So anyway, this next clip, we're gonna get a little bit deeper into it. And I want you to put down the mic. I'm gonna let this play. All right. All right, I'm gonna play I'm gonna let this play out throughout. But here's

Jordan  1:28:21
the title of this episode is Jordan, please put down my time.

Dan  1:28:25
But here, here are the trends that I want you to keep an eye out for the things that that I think are the most interesting. One is a generous use of the word metaphorical. Okay. The second, I think this is really key is that Mike Cernovich has been burned. And he knows what Media Matters is going to do with this clip. And so he jumps in to save it. Okay. And I actually think it's really smart of him. And like we've discussed, Media Matters is pretty manipulative, sometimes with how they choose to cut clips, in terms of where the start point is, and where the end point is. And I think Mike Cernovich is totally right now, based on what I just said about his action in the last clip, yeah, he's clearly on the wrong side of ideology. Yeah, but he's smart in this instance, in this

Jordan  1:29:11
particular case, he doesn't deserve to be hit by a truck. But in other case, he still does he's just deserves to be hit by two trucks.

Dan  1:29:20
He's just smart about how he gets hit by the truck.

Jordan  1:29:23
So he just wants to lose a

Gavin McInnes   1:29:25
leg. Yeah, exactly. Well, when they call us bitches, and they say we're weak and they go white men need to die. What they're really doing right haunting us. And it's a metaphor asked me for a metaphorical now not literal. They're asking for a metaphorical slap. Where you go Don't you dare talk to me like that.

Alex Jones  1:29:41
And on the contrary, sometimes a woman at the club back

Mike Cernovich  1:29:46
right Sean Connery that clip because sometimes a woman needs a smack you know, metaphorical but yeah, we always got to be careful talking gender. Guy This is getting clipped right now. This is getting I already know right now this segment is going This is gonna

Gavin McInnes   1:30:00
be the class really, I don't mean literally but say you put on gangsta rap at the club, white woman just flood the dance floor and it'll there'll be saying things I can say on this show about bitches and what I'm going to do to them and the woman are just dancing their asses off. They love testosterone. And they're only pretend in that they want these beta male allies. They don't have sex with them. Well, what about Alex? drier than a feminist man?

Dan  1:30:25
So there we go. There is nothing

Jordan  1:30:27
that makes a woman drier than a feminist man.

Dan  1:30:32
I think they're I think maybe one thing that makes them drier is guys discussing the moisture level of their posts? That's one also hey, I want to say this. Nothing makes my dick limpar than women who scream about wanting the patriarchy to be in charge. You know what? That?

Jordan  1:30:49
I'm pretty against that too.

Dan  1:30:51
Yeah. All right. Actually, my dick doesn't even play into it. I just run away. I was like, Oh, I don't talk to you. I don't want to talk to you you're working against your own self interest. That's crazy. But so this idea that like they're talking about Gavin is like whenever these girls

Jordan  1:31:04
on your on your OKCupid profile. It's I'm looking for a woman who is involved in her own interests. Yeah, yeah. Good call.

Dan  1:31:11
So Gavin starts us off by talking about how whenever women yell at and white white men should die bla bla bla all they really want is a reaction from a man. They want this man to stand up for himself and metaphorically slap them in the face. Hold on. And then the the the point that's made from that is Alex Jones bring up Sean Connery's quote. And then Cernovich jumping into being like, metaphorically. Yeah, Sean Connery was talking literal.

Jordan  1:31:38
Ya know, Sean Connery has slapped a woman before. And

Dan  1:31:41
that's what his quote was about. Hitting women, the timeout now he's hit women. Now Alex Jones comes in. And it might have been buried in that a little bit. But you can rewind this and listen to it again. He said, I've never I'm not hit women. I find that that doesn't work. And then he mumbles from what I've heard. Yeah, I don't know if he's hit women. But that's a bad. That's a bad quote. You know, what a better quote is don't hit women.

Jordan  1:32:11
Yeah, but that's not one, they can really say no, no, really, that one wouldn't, that wouldn't, wouldn't actually occur to them. So then they would never have the thought in their brain don't hit well, then

Dan  1:32:21
Cernovich rightly is like a boy, we're getting into territory we can't defend. And he has to come in and be like, Media Matters is going to cut this, which he's right. He's totally right. And yeah, and because he said those things. Now it's not really as usable of a clip for them. So he's kind of playing defense really smartly.

Jordan  1:32:39
I mean, but how is that? How does that defense like, if you put the whole clip on there, then all you're really showing is that these guys legitimately believe that what they're saying is fine. Yeah. And one guy has the slightest amount of clever instinct to say, well look at them, choosing to report our words, but he

Dan  1:33:04
has the wherewithal to be like, Guys, guys, this territory is not great. We're in we're in murky territory. Here's

Jordan  1:33:13
here's one thing that I really want to make clear. The inherent horrific racism of white women flood to the dance floor. Oh, your gangster rap. Oh, yeah. That is the south saying. miscegenation is evil. No, but that is what that is, is pure, interracial dating and everything is wrong.

Dan  1:33:39
That goes that goes along with the just the idea of like, cook shit. I mean, that is entirely. That's part and parcel of it. It's like these rappers are animals and they exude masculinity. And so ladies, these white women gravitate towards them, because white men have been pushing us for so long. It's such nonsense. It's fear. It's just fear, and impotence. It's just this. It's very sad. It bums me out. It is a bummer. Yeah, and you're totally right. One of the most important pieces of it is a deep seated.

Jordan  1:34:13
That is, yeah, if I was Media Matters, that's the clip that I talk about. Well, because that is pure racism, but not been any any argument that you could make about that not being racist, or them saying, Well, you know, I love every race and I don't believe in any kind of racism that is pure white man fear

Dan  1:34:33
that we could. We could go back like six or seven episodes, you can find the clip of Gavin McInnes saying that most blackface was Reverend so well, yeah, same guy. Well, he's not wrong. To be fair. He was Nigel McGuinness but yeah, so I mean, totally, totally. I agree with you but it anyway, Mike Cernovich is kind of smart again, which is like I gotta steer this in another direction. These guys are going off on hitting women tangent we can can't do this. So Mike Cernovich

Jordan  1:35:02
these guys, oh man, these guys going off on that hit and women tangent.

Dan  1:35:06
I gotta be honest, I disliked him quite a bit but from his instincts, I think Cernovich is smarter than Alex. I mean that again, that's very obvious at this point, but he so he decides, ah, you know what I can do? I can shift this into talking about Alec Baldwin. That makes,

Mike Cernovich  1:35:23
wasn't it Alec Baldwin who went on that rant against his daughter and was screaming at her and now he bashes Trump and calls Trump a massage and he's like,

Alex Jones  1:35:29
you're a worthless pig. He sounds worse than he sounds worse than Mel Gibson

Dan  1:35:34
gonna do? No. First of all, no, he didn't. Mel Gibson was yelling Sugar Tits and being anti semitic at a cop that pulled him over and he was wasted

Jordan  1:35:42
I also also back the fuck up who gives a shit? Yeah, who gives a shit there's not a false equivalency No, but that's also can't You can't be like well, he said all of this shit. So immediately any criticism of Trump is worthless Oh

Dan  1:35:56
no, but let's also back up and say that we don't really defend those actions and our no

Jordan  1:36:00
and we're not anyone and I don't give a fuck we're not

Dan  1:36:03
big Alec Baldwin fans and Anthony Tammany because a way better Trump impersonated best Trump and we don't even support him in that.

Jordan  1:36:10
Congratulations on your Comedy Central TV show. Wait for that. We assume that you are listening. Yeah, of course.

Dan  1:36:18
So anyway, here we go.

Mike Cernovich  1:36:19
My opinion domestic abuse or the way he talked on them? At least emotional abuse.

Alex Jones  1:36:23
Yes. I wasn't defending Sean Connery thinks they're gonna mine it. I'm just saying they're wanting to be truly put slave brothels and smacked around and put on slave blocks. So yeah,

Mike Cernovich  1:36:33
exactly. I knew I was just I know how they're going to know how the fake news works now and they're editing what they're gonna do. So, you know, we just got to make sure next sort of, it's called for swing slaving women, right? Because I can. I can just see that now. But yeah, Alex Jones called legitimate emotional abuser of women. And yet he's on Saturday live, big show. There's no advertising boycott. Oh, he reportedly smacks them around. So I want to know why is Alec Baldwin allowed on Saturday Night Live to bash Trump? Why we get taken out of context and lied about? It's

Alex Jones  1:37:01
known Trump has never touched a woman either about Yeah, exactly.

Mike Cernovich  1:37:05
So Alec Baldwin, that the way he talks on the answering machine was just terrific. And yet nobody's trying to advertise him. Boycott is advertisers. The left gives them a pass Gavin, why do you think that is?

Gavin McInnes   1:37:15
Because it sports to them.

Dan  1:37:19
Donald Trump, it's known, has never touched a woman out of line. He's never hit a lady who's never raped his wife. She never wrote about it in a book.

Jordan  1:37:30
He's never publicly slept. He's never publicly said that you should grab a woman by the pussy. He's definitely never walked into underage dressing rooms for his model shows.

Dan  1:37:41
He's never, you know, been the target of multiple multiple rape claims.

Jordan  1:37:48
Sexual harassment lawsuits? Sure.

Dan  1:37:50
Never Never.

Jordan  1:37:53
It's known never it's known also that of all the men none are more virtuous.

Dan  1:37:59
Also, I want to say it's it's kind of important that I think they Alex just committed slander. Like because I don't know of any instance necessarily. I'll be honest, I haven't fully researched Alec Baldwin's past. But he did just say Alec Baldwin hits women.

Dan  1:38:16
It is reported,

Dan  1:38:18
I believe, I don't know if that's reported. But that could be that could be on the cusp of

Jordan  1:38:24
I still don't care. I still don't care. I don't care the rest

Dan  1:38:27
of the way more important. Yeah.

Jordan  1:38:28
Who gives a fuck what they think Alec Baldwin does. These guys are fucking monsters.

Dan  1:38:34
They only care about Alec Baldwin because he impersonates Trump Yeah, that's the only reason

Jordan  1:38:40
he is there. He is the liberal like it he has the clip. So it doesn't matter how many how many young women are leading the charge against this bullshit because Alec Baldwin has a dumb ass clip where he does bullshit shit. They can then compare it negatively to fucking whatever it is they got damn one. Yep, that way they never actually have to engage with the fact that it's fucking monstrous what it is they're saying what it is they're doing and how they're trying to take away agency from women and all of this horrific fucking bullshit cancerous

Dan  1:39:13
ideas that they're perpetuating on this show and flippantly. Yes is insane. It's it's Yeah. And and to, to be saying these sorts of things out of one side of their mouth and out of the other side, be like, I don't understand why people think we're racist or Hey, women, it's like, you don't understand the implied pieces of the things you're saying because you're racist and you hate women. But now we'll get to something that's a little more fun. We're off the the women chunk for now, and we're gonna get into Gavin McInnes talking about how the left is dumb.

Jordan  1:39:44
You know, do you know why it's good? Do you know why I really like it because I hate feeling self righteous. Like I am not a I am not some sort of paragon of virtue. No, I have dumb thoughts. I think dumb things

Dan  1:39:58
up a lot in our lives.

Jordan  1:39:59
I'm Nah, I'm not some sort of like high road, self righteous bullshit, but this is, this is fucking horrific. Well, this is truly monstrous.

Dan  1:40:09
I don't, who cares? This is gonna get worse. I promise you great, but for now it's okay.

Jordan  1:40:14
You know how I love it. But for now you've already put me through the most anger I've experienced in many, many a year.

Jordan  1:40:23
But for now,

Dan  1:40:25
King of the proud boys is going to come in and explain that the left is dumb. And that the right is all about facts. Yep. And then Alex is going to say some facts. And then as soon as the clip is done, I'm gonna tell you the real facts. All right, so enjoy this clip. This is gonna be a fun roller coaster ride.

Gavin McInnes   1:40:43
You know, they followed Obama through everything. They followed Clinton through this cigar incident. That's their team, the Dallas Cowboys. But one thing I loved about the right, I mean, it's frustrating that we're fractured. But we're also rational, and we're here for the truth. So we drag your heels out, when you lie to us, or when you're a hypocrite or when you do something wrong. They're not in it for truth. That's why every time he asked them for a number, like how many illegals are there? Or how much do we spend per student per year, they have no, they don't have the remotest idea. One woman told me there's 70 billion illegals in America.

Dan  1:41:17
So Alex Jones, fake laughter but also the one woman

Jordan  1:41:19
one woman, which woman told him there were 70 billion illegals,

Dan  1:41:23
that's insane. I mean, I don't know a dumb person, a dumb a very dumb person who told him that who might not exist and might not do it might just be a completely made up thing. Also, the people who like to inflate the numbers of illegal aliens, which again, is not the right nomenclature. You don't want to call people illegal, undocumented immigrants, whatever the be, that doesn't mean people who like to inflate that number are people on the right. So someone's saying You mean

Jordan  1:41:51
that dude who said that 3 million illegal immigrants voted in the election, despite there being a just statistically impossible number.

Dan  1:42:00
I mean, that weirdo dude on Twitter who had like eight followers, and then yeah, and then all of a sudden exploded, and he has been interviewed on the news a bunch. He's like, I got sources. And then he cited anyone

Jordan  1:42:09
ever cited sources. Yeah, that guy never, ever acknowledged the fact that that would be quite literally impossible.

Dan  1:42:16
That's one of my favorite things that has gone very unanalyzed. By I think most of the population is where that like sort of myth started, I might write something for the website about that just because of how stupid it is. It's quite believed by the idea that there's more immigrants undocumented than less is a conservative, right wing idea. So someone's saying there's 70 billion is probably a right wing Dum Dum that he's talking to more than a left wing Dum Dum,

Jordan  1:42:47
or just a fucking lunatics, dum dum, somebody who does not know that there are only 7 billion

Dan  1:42:53
people on this planet. Right. So now we get to Alex Jones laughing.

Jordan  1:42:57
Literally, that means that a lady told him, there are more illegal immigrants than the number of human beings who have ever existed by

Dan  1:43:05
a factor of 10. Yeah. Are you talking about the current population? Well, and

Jordan  1:43:09
even if you're talking about the entire human existence, it's estimated at 50 billion.

Dan  1:43:13
But what about ghosts? Dammit, yeah, you always get me 12 dimensional ghosts shit, so I can't when where we cut the clip, Alex was fake laughing and now he's gonna get into his rant about facts. Great.

Gavin McInnes   1:43:26
As the numbers be throughout, and you realize, oh, you this is all posturing to you?

Alex Jones  1:43:32
That's right, people posture intellectually, because they have no data, then they call people that are informed conspiracy theorists. That's how they have their past to not be informed. Because there's 35 million illegal conservatively, there's seven and a half billion people in the world. There's 335 million the United States, there's 1.5 billion in China. There's a billion Point. Point five in India, they don't know any of this stuff. They don't know the population Latin America. 689 million that are the population of Mexico is 126 million. But them though that should all have conspiracy theory. He's just showing off.

Jordan  1:44:01
Yes. Anytime somebody tells me the population of a place I'm like, that's a conspiracy theory. Right? That's stupid. That's dumb. That's real. That makes no sense.

Dan  1:44:10
No, but also, he's just rattling off facts. But they're not facts.

Jordan  1:44:14
Well, yeah, no, if you know five things, then that means everything you know, is true.

Dan  1:44:18
Let me walk you through each one of these. All right. So Alex Jones said that the population of the world is 7.5 billion people. And that is about correct. So that one, I'll give it to it.

Jordan  1:44:27
Let's go. We got one on the board for Alex Jones,

Dan  1:44:30
Alex Jones said there's 35 million illegal immigrants in the country conservatively,

Jordan  1:44:34
conservatively. So that would be roughly 10% of the entire United States population. According

Dan  1:44:39
to the Pew Research Center. There's 11 million illegal immigrants as of 2014. But the trend has been moving downwards every year. Yes, even according to the wacky ass website World News Daily, the figure in 2016 is 10 point 5 million. So even according to Right Wing Wing Wing sites, it is a third Have what he's saying? Yes. And the actual number is probably right in there. 10 million or so somewhere around there. Just a third of what he's saying, gotcha. Chinese population 1.5 million billion. Alex says the actual number is 1.3 billion, which seems small, but that's billions. So

Jordan  1:45:16
yeah, no, point 2 million off, or no point 2 billion off. So 200 million people off. Yeah, that's a bit. I am willing to give him the bullshit round up. I'm gonna give him the bullshit round. I'm

Dan  1:45:29
not I'm okay. All right, because when we're talking billions, that's 200 million people's off. Gotcha. And the thing that's interesting to talk about when he talks about that is that the percentage of the world's population that that represents has been trending downward every year for for a great number of years. Well, yeah. So the they are growing slower than the rest of the world. I mean,

Jordan  1:45:51
their one child pub, or their one child policy has really backfired on them. And that, because culturally, they want more men. Right now, women outnumber men, like in the dating age, nearly 10 to one. So of course, their population is dwindling. And

Dan  1:46:07
it's going to continue to so we want 1.5 It's more significant that he's point 2% off because it's trending downward. Yes. So he can't even be like, well, it'll eventually get there, because it probably won't know it's only going to continue to decrease. It says India's population is 1.5 billion. The actual number again, is 1.3 billion. Right. And the interesting thing there is their actual population growth has been trending downwards every single year since 1983. I did not know that. Yeah, so India's population is actually getting smaller percentage wise, here, their growth has gone down. Okay. So that, I mean, he's, again, he's off by 200 million people, and the factors of what's going to happen in the future off. He says that the population of the United States is 335 million. The truth is, it's 326 million. Again, not that far off, but I'm gonna give him that. But if you're giving a test, like if you're in school, and you're giving a test, that's pretty substantial.

Jordan  1:47:09
Yeah, I'm still gonna give him a significant I'm gonna give him the benefit of the doubt on that one.

Dan  1:47:13
He said the population of Latin America is 689 million. Now the what does he include as Latin America? That's what's interesting. Bullshit, the definition of Latin what he really means as people who aren't white, the definition of Latin America is a very nebulous thing. Yeah. If you only consider South America and Central America, then the total is 603 million, you have 177 million living in Central America and 426 million living in South America. Now, if you add the Caribbean to it was you had like Haiti and Cuba, you come up to 626 million, which is still 70 million short of what he is trying to say. I don't think you're gonna be able to get that with weird unaffiliated islands that appear around you know, that have populations of like 6000, or something like that. Yeah. So one volcano. Now, if you want to say the difference between 689,000,620 6 million isn't substantial, that's fine.

Jordan  1:48:10
Except for the fact that he's using it to show off how much he knows. Right? So that's important. China 1.5 billion, I know that to be 100%. Correct. Because liberals, they don't know what to say, whenever you say that, you know, the population of China. And then if they say, if they come back with 1.3 billion, then you're gonna be like, Well, I'm only 200 million off, and that's only one. And then they were fucking you hate women.

Dan  1:48:33
Right. But more to the point, I think the thing that's more important is that he has these facts that He's memorized that aren't accurate, or are vaguely accurate. And it's like a middle schooler trying to pass a test and hoping he's close enough. And he yells about that. It's like when you know, facts. Everyone thinks you're a conspiracy theorist and blah, blah, blah. It's like, no, that's not what's going on here, baby. That's not what's going on. Oh, baby. Also, you're wrong.

Jordan  1:48:59
Alex Jones. Come on, darlin, you know, you don't believe that. Now. You know, you just want love.

Dan  1:49:04
He's wrong. But in a way that is way not as bad as them being wrong. And this next one,

Mike Cernovich  1:49:13
great. Most of the so called refugees going into Europe are actually not refugees. They went there for the best welfare and this was a big snow broke, which was

Alex Jones  1:49:21
80% of the Muslim men in Europe are on welfare. What the hell yeah.

Mike Cernovich  1:49:25
And moreover, when I went to investigate this refugee crisis BS I found pictures where they told people don't get fingerprinted in Denmark because they'll make you stay in Denmark. You want to go to Europe and you want to go to Germany Austria for the big bucks the welfare I kid you not they? Yeah, so they actually are saying don't go to Denmark. Wait a minute. You're a refugee. I've been to Denmark I loved I could live in Denmark, but one country don't go to Denmark because they might

Alex Jones  1:49:53
not be mean. The admitted they have like hundreds of times increased birth defects because they come from inbred villages. We're gonna come back together again, as you

Gavin McInnes   1:50:02
said it was okay to marry your first cousin. He was wrong. Muhammad was wrong. Sorry, guys. You do that 40 generations in a row and you got a real serious problem on your hand. That's

Alex Jones  1:50:13
worse than radiation. Exactly. Yeah, I'm against this Coronavirus segment.

Dan  1:50:16
So we have a lot to unpack there. And I have a lot of facts. Wow. So Alex Jones screamed, wow, like Cernovich is coming in about this welfare stuff. And Alex Jones comes in

Jordan  1:50:28
80% of all Islamic men are on welfare.

Dan  1:50:32
I did a little bit of research into this. And what I was able to find as an article liberal conspiracy theorists, I was able to find an article on family security matters.org by a gentleman named Dr. Sami are all Robbie. And the title of this is Turks in Germany are a time bomb. And I found this article and I found some other articles that were talking about the 80% figure of Muslim men in Europe on welfare show and they all link back to this article.

Jordan  1:51:02
Okay, now, this is our this is our, you know, germination point,

Dan  1:51:06
it appears that way. Okay. Now, I don't know there might be some other thing I'm missing. But it appears that everything all roads lead back to Rome as it were, okay. This article has literally no citations in it. It has no links to any studies, it only has quotes from people that may be telling the truth, like you know,

Jordan  1:51:27
what the least manly thing you can do is cite things exactly. So real man.

Dan  1:51:33
So this guy says that very few Turks Turkish immigrants in Germany have a regular job 20% The other 80% live on the so called Hearts for state social benefits. 70% of their children have no education, essentially, that leaves school before they finished basic education. Now, the argument that this article lays out is that there's a scam going on with these immigrants that come in and for every child that they have, they get a certain amount from the state.

Jordan  1:52:03
But yeah, oh, do you mean a very similar argument to one that was made about welfare, Queens, Octomom? odd, odd how this pervasive lie would be used against any part or any parcel of immigrant population or any kind of demonized population that you use to fucking unite a large group of assholes to vote against their own interests, or even support things that are just fucking insane. Like any number of genocides that have occurred over the years now. But yeah, let's talk about the Turks, which again, he is citing that as all Muslims in all of Europe, and this article is only talking about to retire

Dan  1:52:42
in Germany In Germany, right. But also, I want to say that I've read this article, and it doesn't really have anything concrete and it it has quotes from people who like like this, it has pi creed in it like this. So amazingly, this is a quote amazingly enough, some Turks who live on the generous state benefits can afford to buy a house or an apartment and drive luxurious cars like Mercedes or BMW says Klaus, a landlord whose tenants are a case in point. It's a first name. No,

Jordan  1:53:15
there's no way. I will trust anyone named Klaus. Sorry. I'm sorry. We're not gonna happen. Class Kinski. I would never trust him. He's a lunatic.

Dan  1:53:25
Anyway, you get my point. Like they have just first name people who are anonymous random sources. Yeah, it tells an interesting story of these Musqueam immigrants that are coming in. Oh, man, it's not based on anything. I see no evidence of this. Nope. It's it's shoddy journalism. And I want to say this too. This is on family security. matters.org So I looked into it I looked at their Twitter feed their most recent tweet was a here it is a frustrated Israeli Defense Minister criticized the UN for ignoring the issue of Palestinians killing Palestinians

Jordan  1:54:03
yeah that's a really big that's a really big issue right now

Dan  1:54:06
Let's not miss the forest for the trees definitely

Jordan  1:54:08
don't want to worry about the Israelis committing an apartheid state across that no definitely don't want its Palestinians killed you know, it's a lot like black on black crime. Right? You know, they're not talking about that you're just talking about how the cops are killing people all the time. So not black on black crime. So you get you get all lives matter. You Dan all lives matter, you get

Dan  1:54:27
the sort of sad but you get the sort of sense that like this is a website that is propaganda website, and especially anti Arab in this seems to be the root. Again, I can't say definitively, that's where all of it's coming from, but it seems like most of the articles that I could find linked back to this article that again, had no evidence outside of unattributed quotes, right. So I can't I can't go on that. That 80% Number can't I can't do it, bro. I just can't. So then we go get into all of the defects all of the child defects

Jordan  1:55:04
100% Child 100% More what was it? What number what magnificently hairs? Oh, shit number did he use it? I have so many more defects than ours. So because that's what the people are these fucking every every little aspect. Every tiny little fucking aspect of this is rooted in this deep seated white supremacy yep that if they were ever to just fucking look in the goddamn mirror and see that for one fucking moment, maybe

Dan  1:55:34
I have two things to burst this bubble. Okay, first thing is some statistics from the March of Dimes and from humanitarian organizations in March

Jordan  1:55:42
of Dimes. That's actually the merchants of death. I don't know if you knew that the MO D, the MO D is a great movie,

Dan  1:55:47
the instance of child deformities is about 3%. In the United States, yes. And there's about 6% around the world. Most of this has to do with malnutrition. A lot of it has to do with a lot of countries not having access to vaccines, these sorts of things which cause autism. And now one of the other things is when you talk about defects, just because it's a really big umbrella term, it can mean a cleft palate, which is not like it's nothing that's that's bad. My oldest brother had a cleft palate. It's bad, but it's not. It's not as severe as some other birth defects. So all of that gets lumped in together. And the 6% can be a jarring number. But when you when you get down to it, some of them are things that are easily treatable. Yeah, and some things aren't. Yeah, it's not

Jordan  1:56:34
it is still not a it's still not a relative quality to measure what you would call a race by No, that is not it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter if the it doesn't matter if the birth defect population for the world is 10%. If you are pointing to a specific subgroup of people, and calling them the group of people that has the most genetic defects, that is never going to be based in any kind of statistical analysis, and it's always going to be based in bullshit, fucking xenophobic racism,

Dan  1:57:06
but I'm just a liberal trying to bring facts into this. That's all I'm just trying to bring these these statistics,

Jordan  1:57:13
conspiracy theories. So now, you know, look like you secretly want to be dominated by an Islamic man,

Dan  1:57:19
but ain't secret. Then Gavin McInnes comes in and he's like Muhammad said that you can marry your cousin.

Jordan  1:57:27
He's wrong. I know. Now, when I hear that as a liberal cuck who just wants to be loved by the Islamic fascist state? Uh huh. I don't like to hear when Mohammed was wrong.

Dan  1:57:39
Well, here's here's the second prong of my boasting of this bubble.

Jordan  1:57:43
Is it that Mohammed didn't say that? No, I mean, it's it's in the texts. It's Oh, isn't he did say you should marry your first guys. Well, no, I mean, it's in the Quran that people married their cousins. Oh, yeah. Well, it's in the Bible to bring go Genesis super in the Bible, Genesis 14, fucking Noah's family just had to have a fuck fest the whole time on that bow

Dan  1:58:02
genesis for 17. Cain has a wife, though there's no account given where his wife comes from accepting direct direct creation from God, or in that area contained groups of people not mentioned in the Bible. And God didn't create the possibilities for canes wife, or that she is either a full sister of cane, or the Choose Kane's Mother Eve, or from some later generation of descendants. Because time was really weird in the Bible, and people.

Jordan  1:58:29
And Alicia still isn't dead.

Dan  1:58:32
Baba Baba by one of the tales about that baby boop, Abraham son Isaac married Rebecca, his first cousin once removed the granddaughter of his father's brother Neha and niece Melaka. By the way, right in there, his brother named his father's brother named who are married his niece Melaka. So there's another instance of cousins bangun

Jordan  1:58:53
do you mean another instance of hot cousins Mang and me

Dan  1:58:59
that was Abraham's brother, Nate, who are married his niece Melaka, the daughter of his own brother, how Ron? I mean, it just it goes on and on. There's Yeah,

Jordan  1:59:07
it's almost like if you took you know, religious texts and went through them, you find a lot of dumb shit.

Dan  1:59:14
Jacob married Leah and Rachel, who were both sisters. They were the daughters of livan. Do you have a brother of Jacob's mother? Rebecca, this would make Jacob cousins with Leah and Rachel, do you

Jordan  1:59:26
know what's the weirdest thing? So my parents are of the hardcore Christian variety. And they have sung this song at multiple weddings. That is about Isaac marrying his cousin. And at no point in time. Did they ever connect those dots? Like they never quite figured that out? Sure. As being like, Oh, wait, maybe that's not a good

Dan  1:59:49
thing. Or even Onward Christian Soldiers. Yeah, this is about killing Muslims. Yeah. In Genesis 38, Judah the fourth son of Jacob mistook his daughter in law Tamar for a prom. To while she was very old and had sex with her, you know what I'm saying?

Jordan  2:00:04
There's been a bunch of them were. What was the one where the two the two daughters? Yeah, the two daughters fuck their dad.

Dan  2:00:10
Well, because there were no suitable men around. Exactly. So they got drunk. You gotta fuck your dad. They got him drunk. And on two nights they fucked him to get pregnant. Yeah, exactly. Yeah.

Jordan  2:00:20
Yeah. You know, but I mean, like, what? You know what? I'm going to tell you this right now. Mohammed was wrong when he said that lat should have fucked his daughter's.

Dan  2:00:27
There's just like, I mean, it is again, that just goes to racism that goes to xenophobia, you are racist, because all of these incidences exist in religious texts. Because again, we talked about this before they were written fucking long time ago. Yeah, people were bailing on him. Maybe we should just bail on him. I think there's something to be gained from them if you approach them with a metaphorical understanding if you don't get in who cares? Jordan this is actually what we should end the show with.

Dan  2:00:54
Okay, because it's not what we're doing on the show. It's not because there's

Jordan  2:01:00
you're giving yourself notes during the show that you're not paying attention. No, no,

Dan  2:01:03
I'm saying that we should end the show with this because it's how a lot of our shows end up ending. Okay, but there's so much worse shit after that. We have to keep discussing oh my god but but this guy's just No, listen to this. This is how we would have ended the show if it hadn't broken bad after this.

Alex Jones  2:01:21
Other talk shows behind the scenes. I'm not not Gavin others people I know. We're gonna get off here. This is horrible. There's not enough to cover I I've got like 20 Incredible clips. Hundreds of stories are all insane. And I'm not even going anywhere. Because it's talking about the world. So amazing. I'll be honest with you if you go back to Gavin McInnes,

Dan  2:01:38
but also when he's saying that people want to get off the air. He has to be talking about like, Oh, he's so want to get so. No, he's talking about the other people who work at Infowars they're like, I can't handle this. I can't do three hours. Yeah, what are we fucking talking about? He's like, I got all these clips. It's all crazy. I don't cover any of it. You're right. You don't cover any of it

Jordan  2:01:54
brought us in to drunkenly ramble to your friend Roger Stone one night you son of a bitch Alex Jones was

Dan  2:02:01
not gonna have six hours who cares man

Jordan  2:02:04
listen even rob dude doesn't like you anymore. You when you

Dan  2:02:09
were last robbed when you lost the do Rob do is the bellwether. Alright, here we go.

Alex Jones  2:02:15
I feel guilty, because I'm so cheerful and happy and not even showdown. Sorry, buddy. 138. Their time right now in North Korea. They're preparing to test a nuclear weapon and launch missiles at Japan. According to Kim Jong Un's own statements. Trump says that they fire a missile he'll shoot it down. But North Korea says they'll respond with a nuclear attack on South Korea, Tokyo, Japan as well as the fleet or a model as Trump's calling it and I'm just sending her comment on Oh yeah, hey, you're gonna get steaks tonight or whatever. So people think I'm alarmist. I'm being way too common to Gavin McGinnis at the moment about this. Speaking of being calm here. They banned us off and rolling Google's starting to restrict this the the Democrats were openly calling for it to be banned. We had like $3.3 million last year on ad rolls money we made to fund the operation wasn't profit was money we made the infamous operation you go out and advertise outside the show to bill to pay for it. You broke it because I wanted to go out for sponsors. Sponsors are fickle. You know, whatever. We have some network I have my own protrudes you the American people. And so we're having a Christian even if you're not Christian, it's politically incorrect to say it Oh, you really special for us trucker of 30 to 40% off water filtration systems. is great. Your family your children tastes so much better actually. So He the

Jordan  2:03:42
Lord implores you to buy that water filtration system. And God slept upon the seventh day and said that water is gonna be run through that filtration system. Yeah, I

Dan  2:03:54
mean, that was like Leviticus 12 Seven. He said that water is dirty baby. Yeah, clean that water.

Jordan  2:04:01
Listen, no rock Badgers, no shellfish by my filtration.

Dan  2:04:06
But you know, that is how our shows generally end. It's really like, whipsawed. He's doing that, like North Korea shit and being like, I'm super cheerful. Yeah,

Jordan  2:04:19
I do. Like, and again, I like, it is very alarming. We should all be very alarmed. Yeah, that both the United States and North Korea are threatening nuclear warfare. It's really bad.

Dan  2:04:34
Yeah. I mean, the more and more I think about it, and I mean, this is going to come out on Monday. So who knows what will happen on Sunday but like, the more and more I think about it, the more I realized that it is just kind of two assholes yelling at each other. Yeah, like this is kind of normal. These these exercises with South Korea are normal. It doesn't happen every year. The only thing that's different is we have a lunatic as a president. And that makes it just hit the nail on the head. That makes it scarier. But at the same time it all could not end up going bad. It could not go it could end up not going to it's up

Jordan  2:05:07
to you and I both go back and forth on this where a week ago you were texting me like, Yeah, I'm afraid this North Korea is gonna go down. This is the one that does it for us. Yeah. Now you're telling me like, you know, this kind of thing happens all the time. I'm freaking out. And a week ago, I was telling you the opposite. Well, we need to get on the same page on our nuclear alarmism

Dan  2:05:29
internally. I'm still freaking out a little bit, but I just I I think we can make it out of this. I think it's gonna be okay, but I don't know what's gonna happen next week. Because it doesn't it does. No, it doesn't just become a we're friends now. I know. It doesn't work that way.

Jordan  2:05:43
Like I'm on at this point. I'm just tired. Just like, Guys, pick one. If we're gonna have nuclear war, just fucking get it over with so do the brinksmanship just be like, hey, either we're gonna kill each other or we're not and then let's move on from stop it with the edge play calm or just fucking blow the load or not are one of their payload. So our blow it in your mother of all bombs. And Mohammed, listen,

Dan  2:06:12
I'm coming for those birth defects probably wouldn't have happened if the mother of all bombs had been fogged or if they just filtered their water 30% Now off at Infowars store.com. Now that

Jordan  2:06:22
would be a great transition. Thanks. If you pulled that one. I would give him no

Dan  2:06:27
see I am great at the transitions. And this is another thing I want to point out Alex is terrible. If you listen to that he's like, I'm way to come speaking or calm. government's trying to take all my money. Oh, you're terrible at what I do. No, Alex, stop trying to get into transition game. So this next clip is really dumb. And I'll it illustrates another example of Gavin McInnes not having a real story, but giving an anecdotal source about something that proves his point but doesn't. And then I want to get back on the other side of this and do some hole punching

Gavin McInnes   2:07:04
information in America, all of a sudden, it's available to everyone. And guess what? That's why these millennials are the most read pilled millennials in three generations. They're 15% saying they're conservative. Whereas before my generation and baby boomers, it was like two or 3%.

Alex Jones  2:07:21
We'll talk about Generation Z to them Generation Z, millennials are either total cult members, or awake. Yep. Yeah. Generation Z, though. I'm talking to like eight year old kids who are run up to me. I don't know what is going on what's happening with Generation Z, you know, eight years old to say 15 years old right now?

Gavin McInnes   2:07:38
Yeah, well, you know, there's I talked to a kid the other day, I had him on my show. He's 15. And he works near the Coca Cola factory. I think that's an Idaho I can't remember. But he said Bozo students are about half conservative. The parents are like 80%, conservative. 100% of the teachers are hyper hyper left wing, and tell us that we can't argue certain comments. I said, Well, will you get an F? If you write an article on how an essay on how great Trump is? He goes, No, no, I wouldn't be allowed to write it. Like you have to say what the assignment is, you'd never be able to write that. So I just keep saying to these kids, get an F, write the assignment that you want, do it well and get an F. He's kids, we have to show education that the free market of ideas is more dominant than your hysterical Marxist dogma,

Alex Jones  2:08:21
and then call the newspaper when they don't let you publish it. Call on everyone they block you make an issue out of it. Yeah,

Jordan  2:08:27
you know, newspapers, the thing that the true injustice, is that they won't publish pro Trump articles from 15 year olds. Right. And that is their true injustice. And I've said this about newspapers for years.

Dan  2:08:46
And publish is a weird word for an assignment in school. You know, whatever. I mean, like, I don't believe you.

Jordan  2:08:53
I don't disagree with him. Like, if that's what you believe, write it and get an F Sure. Like, to me that has the ring of something you should vote

Dan  2:09:02
no, no, no. Again, this is another example of a conclusion that's based on a false premise. Yeah, exactly. Premises wrong. There's no way a teacher is like, oh, yeah, no, you want to talk about Trump being good. You can't do that.

Jordan  2:09:13
To be some teachers who would do that, right. Where this is a human race. All things are possible. I

Dan  2:09:18
would bet that more likely, it didn't fit the parameters of the assigning. I imagine that that's the case.

Jordan  2:09:24
I would bet that more likely to sign up for the Yeah, the the fact that you can't wear American flag T shirts in school anymore is more to do with you being a horrible racist and not because they

Dan  2:09:39
possibly we've proved that but so I want to get into this. Millennials do not skew more conservative than Democrat. The numbers are actually down in pass all across the board past times that the Republican Democrat party affiliation numbers have been taken, that were actually

Jordan  2:09:58
as the education and increases, the participation of the GOP decreases.

Dan  2:10:04
What's actually surged is independence, which is I think that's heartening.

Jordan  2:10:09
I think that's probably the two of us. Yeah,

Dan  2:10:12
we, we fiddle back and forth. I think we're definitely more liberal than conservative. But I think I think we're mainly we're not beholden to the Democrats are

Jordan  2:10:20
no. And they've they've led us down many times. I think I would, I would say we're more progressive, and that that has a different connotation than independent. Yeah, that very much has a different connotation than independent.

Dan  2:10:33
So that is wrong him lying about that's just a lie. It's just a lie. The Pew Research Center now has very in depth polls about millennial party affiliation, party leaning, those sorts of things. And it's far more democratic and independent, and independent, could be libertarian to like, those sorts of things. Yeah, that's possible. But it doesn't bear out in terms of the statistics. Now, when they're talking about Generation Z, when they're talking about the youth.

Jordan  2:11:01
What a what generation Z, I

Dan  2:11:03
haven't heard that it's under millennials. It's under million young, young. It's the Yeah, and the underboss is, so that is a population that it's very difficult to get statistical information has their 12. Right? They don't, it's really hard to get statistical if they have never voted before, right, there is not fully formed adulthood in them.

Jordan  2:11:24
Not all of them are geniuses at six year old who feel like 85 year old men,

Dan  2:11:28
it's incredibly difficult to get demographic information about them in terms of their political beliefs. Of course, however, there was one study that was done by the Hispanic Heritage Foundation, they did a study where they polled and just because it's the Hispanic Heritage Foundation doesn't mean it was all Hispanic kids or anything like that. It was just I wasn't gonna say that. I'm just saying for the audience, that just in case the word is a sticking point. Okay. They did a study of 14 to 18 year old high schoolers, they polled 5000 I'm sorry, 50,000 students, and here's what they found. They found overall 34% were in favor of Trump. 20% were in favor of Clinton. 31% said they would not choose to vote in this election. Okay, so that's overall, okay. Over Obama's job approval ratings 41% approve 25% disapprove? No opinion. 28% Because they're children. Yeah. Direction of the country. Positive 7%. Negative 55%. smart kids don't know 34% smart kids spent again, you get bad at negative and the don't knows I agree with both. All right, but Gavin's argument that generation Z loves Trump

Jordan  2:12:50
nonsensical well, but you could and yet hold on more sensical than I would prefer,

Dan  2:12:55
you could take this 34% favourability for Trump and 20% favourability for Clinton out of the overall statistics and say that means there's an overwhelming conservative uprising that's going on. They love Trump, they love nationalism. What have you. unfortunate but

Jordan  2:13:12
I would again say I would my argument there would be these are children who are greatly influenced by their parents, and your trump leaning parents are going to be much more domineering in regards to what it is you're supposed to believe Jordan,

Dan  2:13:26
can I do a better job than you at explaining this? Because I've read the rest of this.

Jordan  2:13:31
I don't think you can. I've read the rest of the possible they break down the history in the history of this podcast. You've never done a better job of explaining ship and

Dan  2:13:39
they break down the statistics even more. Hmm. among African American respondents Ah 7% Trump 47% Clinton, who would have guessed 33 still would not choose to vote 33% still not gonna vote? Well, you know, that's smart, though to the government.

Jordan  2:13:57
Not traditionally good to them.

Dan  2:13:59
disaffected Asians, 18% Trump 26% Clinton, Hispanics 12% Trump 31% Clinton. Now we get down to

Jordan  2:14:08
what do you think the numbers on white folk are?

Dan  2:14:11
Let's get down to it. They specifically broke down the difference between white males and non white males shocker. White males 58% favourability for Trump kill us all. 8% Clinton genetically engineered by it because one 1% I would not choose to vote we're aliens. Obama approval ratings 27% approve 45% disapprove

Jordan  2:14:36
white people are evil

Dan  2:14:38
non white males 22% Trump 30% Clinton 34% I would not choose to vote in this election. Obama approval rating 59% Yes. Approved 16% disapprove kill us all. That's very big.

Jordan  2:14:52
No more white males.

Dan  2:14:53
That's very big. It's bad for us. 58% approval rating for Trump among white males 8% clip,

Jordan  2:15:02
do you know what's crazy about this show? What's that for, for somebody who rails against white genocide so much, he's the best reason for why it should happen.

Dan  2:15:11
But you know what he does, he uses arguments and then doesn't engage with the rest of the facts in that argument that prove that he's wrong. Of course, it's insane.

Jordan  2:15:20
It is truly insane. This this entire this entire episode has been about him insinuating that all of the people most damaged by what he believes secretly want it. So that's the thinking enough, that's the justification that they use for all of the evil shit that they do is that secretly, everyone actually wants it? Yeah. The the fact that they that the fact that the system itself is built around supporting this miserable ideology, well, is what they use as evidence that the miserable ideology should be what's going on? Well, and

Dan  2:15:59
the idea that this study, if you looked at it very loosely, and didn't engage with what the actual study says, and all the rest of the stats, and at the breakdown, you could say, the youth are super into Trump. And what the reality is, it's mostly Hitler youth are super into Trump. It's white dudes, the rest of the people are not super into it. The part that's actually disheartening, and it is that white women are also fairly, fairly, it's pretty close to even but slightly in

Jordan  2:16:26
favor. What is it? It is white people genetically engineered by YouTube?

Dan  2:16:31
Its race, somehow Trump's gender in terms of identity. Anyway, this next slew of clips, Jordan slew. There's a slew of like four, I think, coming up.

Jordan  2:16:43
We're on eight and a half hours long in this podcast, we're at 210. Okay, 210, two minutes down, then we got plenty of time for a slew of monstrous clips, the next four

Dan  2:16:52
clips or so are all bigotry. They're all just bigotry straight up that they don't understand is dumb. They don't understand it's bigoted. And it's real. Just take it as it come. Just take it as it comes.

Gavin McInnes   2:17:08
All right. All right. Even then, liberal colleges, I mean, high schools have giant banners that say we need more queer families. Why these kids are 14.

Alex Jones  2:17:19
Imagine if a heterosexual walked into a group of fifth graders and said, I'm going to teach you how to have sex. That'd be called a pedophile. As long as there's literal

Gavin McInnes   2:17:28
manner, that we need more white families. I mean, that'd be hysterics. There'd be riots in the streets. They are gone so far left that they've fallen off the deep end.

Dan  2:17:38
I had a sex ed class in sixth grade. That's one year off of his fifth grade assessment. But also I love the way he's phrasing it, if some heterosexual just wandered in off the street and told him that's Yeah. Also, I don't believe that there are banners that say we need more queer families. I think it's probably something like, respect queer families, maybe something along those lines, not like, Hey, how are we going to beef up our queer numbers?

Jordan  2:18:03
How are we going to beef up our queer numbers?

Dan  2:18:05
No one's saying that. All

Jordan  2:18:06
right. You weren't sure you are so close to how are we going to clean up our queer numbers? I feel like you're wrong.

Dan  2:18:13
I feel like you're wrong. Or we're gonna quit or we're gonna clean up our beer numbers.

Dan  2:18:18
That's a shirt

Jordan  2:18:22
30% off right now you can get a Christian get a free free water filtration system if you buy our how do we keep up our beer numbers?

Dan  2:18:34
But that's that's just like, straw man. Shit. That's,

Jordan  2:18:39
that's bullshit. That's nonsense. Again, that's made up nonsense.

Dan  2:18:43
It's getting mad about nothing. And like you chose the wrong year to be like fifth grade because that is right around when health classes teach. They put a condom on a banana and shit like that. Yeah, that happens in every school. It's not

Jordan  2:18:55
like they teach you how to like they're like, Okay, you want to be in missionary for a short period of time and then you want to try from behind? Now that's usually better, but sometimes it's not always better. So don't want to communicate with your partner. Maybe she's into some BDSM shit. Like, you know, you're

Dan  2:19:10
they don't teach about like, ask play. They don't teach about like, hey, you know? And you know, it was like a little tongue in the ass. Maybe they

Jordan  2:19:20
should but you know, maybe we'd all have better lives if everybody was being fucked. Right?

Dan  2:19:23
You know, the reason they have to do that is that that is about the age that people start to reach puberty and sexual maturity Yeah, as the responsible age to tell kids about that sort of

Jordan  2:19:32
thing. It's probably a good idea. Oh, instead of never speak about it at all. Yeah. Somebody who's been born

Dan  2:19:43
I'm sorry, Jordan. I'm sorry. Sorry that your birth was prophesied? This is very personal. All right, here we go. Let's good.

Gavin McInnes   2:19:50
We were not even it's funny when you talk to these guys about how evil we are and we're Nazism. We want to kill everyone and you listen to him when you go. That sounds scary. These these these people they talk about a tree Trumps America where the disabled are at risk and gays are hiding in their homes scared of being killed and you go, That sounds horrible. It is. I want to help you fight these people. You do.

Dan  2:20:11
Welcome. Join us welcome Nigel McGuinness that's awesome. Bring. Yeah, boy,

Jordan  2:20:16
you're on our team now. Yeah. I'm sure that we'll agree with him for the rest of the show, right? Nope. He's joined us. He's gonna fight against Trump's America where gay people are huddling because they're afraid of what's going to happen to them?

Dan  2:20:28
Sure. And there haven't been as many overt overtures against the gay community necessarily, in terms of his policies that for North Carolina. Well, that's just the GOP being emboldened. And that's, that's a problem. But he really fucked up by choosing disabilities as one of them. Because why would you say that? Because of Betsy DeVos.

Jordan  2:20:53
Who is Betsy DeVos. She's

Dan  2:20:55
the secretary of education.

Jordan  2:20:56
What is her plan?

Dan  2:20:57
She's really into voucher program. She's

Jordan  2:21:00
super into voucher Pro. Now,

Dan  2:21:01
here's one of the things that people don't understand about voucher programs. And I'm taking this from American progress.org. They have a very in depth very well cited article about this. To participate in many voucher programs, parents must sign away some or all of the protections and rights under federal law. What's more of some states are not transparent about the stipulation. For example, Florida's Mackay scholarship requires students to forfeit their rights described above. And that condition is not clearly stated in the information available to parents on the State's website. Now, when they say the information cited above, they're talking about special needs. They're talking about the Americans with Disability Act, they're talking about the needs,

Jordan  2:21:44
can you give me one situation where somebody has said, Thank God, I forfeited my rights?

Dan  2:21:50
No, I'm not offhand. Of him.

Jordan  2:21:54
Is there any positive situation where somebody's like, Oh, Jesus, if I hadn't have forfeited those rights that I have, I would be in such a broad, we had a pickle.

Dan  2:22:05
So now one of the rights that they waive, they sign away if they enter a voucher school is the right to a free and appropriate public education.

Jordan  2:22:14
You should really have that right. If you're going to get an education, the Free and Appropriate part super important school.

Dan  2:22:22
And here's what that entails. Schools must evaluate children who they suspect to have a disability classify their disability and develop an individualized education program or an IEP, describing the appropriate placement and services that will help the children meet grade level standards. Some IEPs prescribe minimal services or accommodations, such as additional time to complete assignments, while others include more intensive services, such as the support from a one on one aid, IEP is must be reevaluated on an annual basis to determine if the student's needs have evolved and new supports or services are required. This is part of the federal protections for disabled students. Yeah, this is one of the things that you wave away in a voucher program, you shouldn't wave that away. No, because it's very important. It's super important, because the idea of what a disabled student is, is also really vague. It could be someone with a mild behavioral problem, or it could be someone with Down syndrome. It could be someone in a wheelchair, there are all sorts of things that fall under that categorization. Now within the voucher programs, also, because it, you know, it makes it very difficult to deal with these students, because you have to create these IEPs these individual education programs, because the federal law demands that these public schools or I'm sorry, these private schools that you can get vouchers to get into can just deny students because we oh, this would be an undue burden to our school. We can handle this, or whatever. And they can just say, No, we don't, we don't want you. We do we can just reject you as a student, which is really scary. That's a really scary world that we could be entering into. And it's exactly what the person that Trump has made the Secretary of Education wants to do. It is it's his vision of education for the future. So Nigel McGuinness with your thing, there's like, Oh, my God, these people with disabilities are going to be screwed. They kind of are they? Absolutely. It's going to be a very difficult world. This is very concrete. This isn't this isn't some weird fear. This is based on fact is based on a rejection of the federal standards that are made in her confirmation hearing. So you seem to be unaware of these standards. She said that protections for disabled students should be handled on a state by state basis, not recognizing that these are federal mandates. The Americans with Disability Act and the idea I are both federal,

Jordan  2:24:42
what is it what the Fed is fetishization of state by state basis. Why? Why would you want why? Why would it matter? What one state wants to do with disagree with disabled kids States compared to another state states

Dan  2:24:59
are easier to gerrymander

Jordan  2:25:01
don't you? Don't? Wouldn't you want? Like, why would you? Why would you want? Why would you want disabled kids to be treated better in one place and worse than another?

Dan  2:25:11
Well, you don't actually want that you want businesses to make as much money as possible and you want things to not cost us? No,

Jordan  2:25:18
I know, I know the reality of it. I know that I know, the underlying bullshit of it. The reason? What is your possible like, just human explanation for why you would want to do that

Dan  2:25:30
the state by state part is that states are much easier to control legislatively than the federal government. No. And I know again, I'm even on the Democratic side, Illinois.

Jordan  2:25:41
I agree with your your cynicism, because that's the reality. I'm just trying to communicate with their propaganda.

Dan  2:25:50
Where's the compound? Could

Jordan  2:25:51
you possibly sell that? Like, what what possible way? Could you say that? Like, is your is your argument that maybe you want disabled people all to move to a state that treats them better? or the like? Is it some sort of free market situation where if Illinois treats their disabled kids better, more disabled kids are going to move to Illinois? And that means that what what possible benefit? Well, because it'd be achieved by making it a states rights issue? Well, because fucking cock bag?

Dan  2:26:24
Well, because I have to speculate because I'm not really in that head. And I think that is insane. I would say that possibly their argument would be that if these disabled kids stopped getting such a fucking free pass, will have to work harder, and they will learn how to succeed. They've been coddling these disabled kids for too long. I in the same way, so they wouldn't know Hold on in the same way that they're making this argument about cocked out white males all betas and shit like that. I think that most of like, I would not think it's too far bridge to cross for us to say that, possibly they don't believe a lot of these disabilities are real. And that if people are forced to Stop faking it, they're percent right then all this autism Down Syndrome would go away.

Jordan  2:27:14
So it's that kind of that kind of bullshit. Like, oh, when I was a kid, you weren't called ADHD? You are called an idiot. Right? Or whatever, that whole idea, right? That if you just if you just ignore this kind of situation, then you'll be forced to assimilate into this. Somewhat. Yeah. And by by individualizing. This you are you are what, like, validating it. You're supporting it? I don't know. Like, I'd like it doesn't it doesn't mean we have

Dan  2:27:46
now entered the area where I I can't further defend it with a hypothetical because I don't know Yeah,

Jordan  2:27:52
this is all this is all insane. This is all this is all cruelty mask Jaret masquerading as a constitutional issue. Yeah, but it's all like we need to we need to support or we need to separate the federal government from the States government is just a masquerade of, we should allow certain people to be cruel, because that's what they believe in, which is so insane to me that they can't then make that one tiny fucking leap to all of their arguments against their or all of their arguments for their Islamophobia. Like, that's exactly what they're doing. They're saying, oh, Islamic people want to be treated differently based on their cultural ideology and their belief system. And we think that that's evil, and everybody in America should be held to the same standardized American set of values, but at the same time, that American set of values should be separated between the federal government and the state's government. Which means really, what you're saying is that Alabama rights should be different from fucking Islamic right should be different from fucking Illinois right now. It's all a made up nonsense, bullshit way of saying, I don't care right about anybody but people who look and act exactly like me somewhat. Yes, that's what it is. No, and if you do not call it that, if you do not fucking commit to that reality, that Betsy DeVos is literally saying every single day of our goddamn life, I could give a fuck if you don't look exactly like me. Exactly. act exactly like same set of values as me. You deserve to be treated like shit.

Dan  2:29:40
Yeah. You just you don't deserve the protection. That's

Jordan  2:29:42
what that is. There's no other there's no other explanation for it. There's zero other possible reasonable explanation.

Dan  2:29:50
Now that's a fun thought that you just gave me through that rant, which I agree with you, but like, sorry, no, no,

Jordan  2:29:55
I'm gonna be very calm. Now.

Dan  2:29:57
I'm gonna I'm gonna do an unprecedent I'm gonna do next Alex Jones said

Jordan  2:30:01
I'm so calm. I'm so calm. So, you know, just to remind you, Google is taking away all of our money, right? It's 30% off of we need to keep up the beer shoots. So like, so calm right now.

Dan  2:30:17
One of the fun thoughts that came to me during that rant was that like, now, let's say apropos of nothing. Arkansas decided they wanted Sharia law, right. states rights, states rights would say that they should, or they now going to defend that. Like if, let's say white people in Oklahoma said like, or Arkansas said, We want Sharia law states rights. Yep. Of course,

Jordan  2:30:44
they would defend that. No, they wouldn't know in the same way the fucking heart in the same way that when the satanists wanted to put up a statue of Satan right next to the 10 commandments. All of the people who are about religious freedom said, we absolutely support that we love the satanists. They totally did. They absolutely did. Remember how hypocrisy isn't real. Yeah. Remember how no one in the fucking god Atlas next clip? I don't want to Jordan,

Dan  2:31:09
we have to move along. You're right. We have to move along. And I

Jordan  2:31:14
I have no hesitation. All I really wanted to hear was that I'm right there. Right, Dan? That's all I wanted to hear you this night because my mom kicked me off her knee. This next

Dan  2:31:24
clip legitimately might make you more mad.

Jordan  2:31:28
All right, I'm gonna throw the microphone across this goddamn room. That's what's gonna happen right.

Dan  2:31:33
At some point, I might just have to hold the mic. This next clip is about liberals treating

Jordan  2:31:41
on the last knowledge fight. Jordan has an aneurysm.

Dan  2:31:45
This is about liberals treating populations as pawns.

Alex Jones  2:31:49
Where do you and your crystal ball see this fight going? Because they think they're tripling down with more brainwashing that somehow that'll fix their system. I think it's accelerating their collapse.

Gavin McInnes   2:31:59
Yeah, they've painted themselves into a corner. They keep choosing stupider and stupider pawns in their chess game. First, they chose trans. And they said, these are our new oppressed, and we're gonna use trans they tried blacks, but blacks didn't get with their pro gay stuff. So they said, Alright, you're out. We're gonna go with trans and you go, those guys are just mentally ill gays. I'm not sure you want that on your front lines. And then the trans start winning all these women's sports. And they go, Oh, that's not working out. And you have a female MMA fighter who was a man just pounding the crap out of a woman and you go, Oh, we're getting a little more violence. Yeah.

Alex Jones  2:32:33
What is that we're suddenly all over. They're accepting men and female sports when they're men. And they're obviously cheating. It's so crazy. To me the joke about the guy stuff, the very beginning, I'm not against anybody. Then they say all the news on this homophobe and make up all this weird crap, because I point out that chemicals in the water are making the amphibians, you know, gay or whatever, gay or what? Gay

Jordan  2:32:55
frogs but

Dan  2:32:56
also gay or whatever, you know, real scientific, or whatever. Real good job gay or whatever. That's super. You know, what

Jordan  2:33:04
do you know, my main issue with the trans community is

Dan  2:33:10
gymnastics that they're just mentally ill gay. They're just as Gavin says, they're

Jordan  2:33:13
just if they're beating us, they're beating our regular women.

Dan  2:33:19
This is the right term.

Jordan  2:33:20
Yeah, our SIS women. I hate it. When I'm watching some women's basketball. Yeah. And I see a guy wearing a wig. Like that movie where that guy wore a wig.

Dan  2:33:33
Right? Oh, look, I wanna I want to make one point crystal clear. I think that there is an interesting discussion that will have to come up in terms of trans athletes. Because in terms of you know, musculature and those sorts of things, it isn't interesting. You know, the purity of the turf kind of argument where that's very minor in terms

Jordan  2:33:59
in terms of human beings being allowed to have rights, indeed.

Dan  2:34:03
So that part I get I get where Alex is coming from, but it's so it's not even tertiary. It's way beyond that. So

Jordan  2:34:10
Well, I think, in the, in the Congress, women should be represented by their draw at professional softball games. I think that makes perfect sense. Like men draw more for baseball games. This is all that we need to know about gender. Now, let's

Dan  2:34:30
take let's take a step back and get into Nigel's argument where he's like, so the Liberals tried blacks, but they weren't in on the gay agenda. So they moved on to trans. And now trans people are just mentally ill gay people are like, Oh, we don't want that. What are you talking about? What is he talking about? That's not based on anything?

Jordan  2:34:52
I don't

Dan  2:34:54
I can't understand. Liberals still very much support African American issues. Yeah. Yeah, they've not abandoned anybody. Also the black community as a whole isn't against gay people. Nope, that's an absurd premise. The idea that trans people are now the new blacks is stupid and reductive the idea that trans people are mentally ill gays is offensive. You're just an idiot. You're just a blowhard fucking idiot, Gavin grow up.

Jordan  2:35:24
It is. It is it is this like this such I love it. It's such a reductive concept, not least of which for us to engage with Sure. Because then we have to, like the trick to that is now we are separating these groups as well, when what it really is, is I don't give a fuck. If you're oppressed. That's a big deal. Sure. That's it. It doesn't matter if if there's and I like because what he's what he's trying to do is like conflate the fact that there is a cause du jour, so to speak, you know, like, right now, when you look at North Carolina, your first thought is, we need to stop them from doing this trans bathroom bill, right, that whole thing. That does not mean that I have changed my mind on whether or not Chicago cops need to stop fucking killing black people, or torturing people, which is what they're doing? Well, this is all under the umbrella of these white male fucks are suppressing all of these different groups. Because again, they don't look and act like me. Well, what

Dan  2:36:40
it comes down to to is this idea that seems like sacrilege to people like them again, is that is we can keep multiple thoughts in our head at the same time. Yeah, it's not really difficult to be worried about the oppression of trans people and black people at the same time. And then throw Hispanics in there too. No, throw

Jordan  2:36:59
everybody. Because at the root of it, it is the same oppression. Yep, it is. It is tendrils of the same oppression. And the the problem is that it is very much a war that is being fought on multiple fronts. So no matter where it is, that oppression is hitting, we're trying to fight back. And it just so happens that unfortunately, we're we're influenced by the media, the news of the day, and I don't mean like the the news media so much as somebody does some shit. And it makes it on Twitter. And then there's 10 million people who have to respond to this on a daily basis. Yeah. And it's unfortunate that we can't focus for for a full year. Like, imagine if liberals could do triage,

Dan  2:37:50
everyone's addicted to doing hot takes, yeah, addicted to be in life, or here's my pond about this. So yeah, Ill or whatever, you know, yeah. If we could, if

Jordan  2:37:58
we imagine if we could do triage, where it's like, hey, the first thing we need to do, and all of these other problems are serious and real and devastating. But the first thing we need to do is get equal pay for equal women. Imagine if we could just focus on that, yeah, just every single person every single day, the only thing we do, the only thing we talk about is this until it gets done. Then we go to the next thing, then we go to the next thing if we could do this triage, because that's what the GOP does better than anybody else. That's definitely true. That's really what they do is they focus they fixate on one thing, and that's all they talk about anti abortion, they fixate on restricting women's rights to the point where is that the health care law, the fucking tax code, the fucking military budget, all of this stuff comes back to them trying to restrict women's right. Can

Dan  2:38:57
I make an argument for why it's kind of impossible for liberals to do that united front? I'm not saying that it's not possible. Reason why I think it's impossible is most of the issues that are being discussed are legitimately life and death, for great different communities agreed. So when trans people are like, hey, especially trans women of color, are getting murdered a ton. All of a lot of trans youth are committing suicide. It's not negotiable for them to be like, oh, yeah, let's get the pay gap. Get down. It's difficult for them to be like this has to be our number one issue, it's life and death. And then you have the African American community who were like, cops keep killing and beating the shit out of us when we do nothing. Agreed. And it's difficult to switch focus for them off of that. That's what becomes very difficult there are life and death issues legitimately on the left for all of these communities.

Jordan  2:39:52
And I absolutely should have no say in what it is we focus on first

Dan  2:39:56
no and that and and and you're absolutely right. You also chose that gap issue arbitrarily. You didn't mean that specifically to be the first one. No, it's taken care of. But like, that's why it's difficult to have consensus and unified movement is that there are a bunch of allied causes that have like, just death.

Jordan  2:40:18
And of course, the reason that the GOP can unite so much is because it is old fucking white people. And because

Dan  2:40:25
they're fighting against, you know, like you said, tax code.

Jordan  2:40:30
Yeah, it's all it's

Dan  2:40:31
all imaginary enemy, that your GOP,

Jordan  2:40:35
the GOP is a block of the same people the left, whereas the left is a block of everybody,

Dan  2:40:41
and they're fighting for lives. Whereas most of the time, the right is fighting for, I don't want to make a cake for a gay dude, or I want to save money. And it's much easier to team up when those are your issues. It's harder when you have blocks of people.

Jordan  2:40:59
I mean, I mean, really, what it comes down to is we have the most corrupt government in the history of the United States, because some people want tax cuts. Yeah, that's really what it comes down to.

Dan  2:41:12
And just to be fair, so we're not super easily attackable shit wasn't great. Like, it wasn't perfect under Obama, either. There's still

Jordan  2:41:19
no there's a shit ton of stuff. He didn't prosecute Wall Street in the way that should have happened. Immediately following the crisis. He didn't fucking execute any number of different controls that we

Dan  2:41:30
have just the attack expanded the power of the executive

Jordan  2:41:33
government to commit fucking war crimes against countries that we have no business being without congressional oversight. So of course, Trump is going to abuse these very same things that Obama himself led to. I understand that to an nth degree. Yeah, truly. So look, a lot of the mistakes that Obama has made have come back to bite us in a way because none of us ever expected a Trump presidency to have

Dan  2:42:04
chickens. They roost and they came home to roost. So we have let's get through some of these clips. This is gonna be painful, but let's just do it.

Gavin McInnes   2:42:12
Well, they keep screaming at me. You need to love me more. You need to accept me. You need to bake me a cake for my he's talking

Dan  2:42:18
about the gays. Yeah.

Gavin McInnes   2:42:20
And I go, we're not homophobic, we don't care. When I grew up, there was Liberace dancing around with his rings and we had Paul in going shows me the YMCA going I love to go to the YMCA and meet boys and make out with men. And we all went that's a catchy tune Go ahead. But then they start saying no, love me. And we go whoa, you need to calm down I don't care what you

Alex Jones  2:42:43
do. It's an act of bullying so so what happens to them is they've made this giant generation of just jellyfish they're all into their pity parties and they're grandstanding what happens to them as the whole reality turns against

Gavin McInnes   2:42:55
well here's the thing so they went black no didn't work trans note in work now that they've gone full Muslim

Dan  2:43:02
Yeah. First of all that's an evolved understand never ever go full Muslim never but like that's that's a really fun like Hey, back when I was younger we had Liberace with his fun caricatures and wherever that day and it was fun Reagan's bed to do to do to do these fun games like Paul Lynde, and now they want to be treated like humans instead of cartoons on fucking believable and oh my god, don't give a shit man do whatever you want to do. It's it's that clip was called evolved understanding of the gaze

Jordan  2:43:31
on fucking believable. Yeah.

Dan  2:43:34
So now, how do you live like that? I don't know. But now we get into a clip called an evolved understanding of suppression of supporting Muslims what it means to support Muslims. And this is going to end with what I would call an ice cold take a take that will not age well,

Unknown Speaker  2:43:49
boy. Yeah,

Gavin McInnes   2:43:50
look to thwart daddy to make us mad. To make us cringe. They crawled into bed with people who hate them. And they've also been building a bubble around themselves where they need safe spaces and you go, Well, you're a human recipe for disaster. You said I want to be weakened, weaker and weaker and make myself more vulnerable. And then I want to get into bed with people who hate everything I stand for and want me to die. Good luck with that by.

Alex Jones  2:44:20
So how does it shake out? I try to say housing.

Gavin McInnes   2:44:23
They lose. They come crawling back on their knees to Trump and they learn to shut up because they don't know what they're talking about.

Dan  2:44:30
Yeah, that's probably how it's gonna shake out. I

Jordan  2:44:32
wish he went to Berkeley. No, this is Gavin. I wish he went to Berkeley. Certainly she went to here.

Dan  2:44:39
Went to I wish

Jordan  2:44:41
it was you went to a place where somebody I

Dan  2:44:44
you know, I want to make this totally clear Harvard. I would be welcome. I would welcome either Mike Cernovich or Devin McGinnis. I talked to them. Yeah.

Jordan  2:44:54
I think I think I want to fun I want to believe I want to believe I am A person who wouldn't stoop to violence, but God listening to that makes me want to stoop to violence.

Dan  2:45:06
It's easy like how, like, like, it's easy to see how he gets hit. Yeah,

Jordan  2:45:11
it's such a, it's such a simple and, and it, it makes me aware of my own toxic masculinity, where my first response to that is violence needs to occur. Right. And that's, and that, of course, has to do with the fact that I was raised where if you did something wrong,

Dan  2:45:28
you guys were gonna hit what's the code of the streets talk shifted, hit

Jordan  2:45:30
exactly, yeah, I mean, but that's how my parents, my parents raised me the code of the cult talk, shit get hit. So so it is, it is something that just by just like my, my response to that is part of the culture that perpetuates them. Sure. That's really what it is. But they're the and I want, I want to be better than but they're

Dan  2:45:52
the unexamined version of that the reason that you don't end up hitting him was first because he's not here. But

Jordan  2:45:59
secondarily, even if you weren't here, if he was here. Oh,

Dan  2:46:03
you haven't had that much wine? You still wouldn't hit him? I think I think there could be a conversation, it would devolve into yelling, undoubtedly. With me, you might bark at him, I would

Jordan  2:46:13
never. But

Dan  2:46:14
that's the difference between like, really understanding these negative impulses, and saying, oh, no, these negative impulses are what makes me great. That's what makes me me. That's my masculinity.

Jordan  2:46:31
I just, I just don't know, I listen to this. And I worry that my reaction is exactly what they want. It's exactly what will perpetuate this behavior that, that I'm doing all of this shit, like,

Dan  2:46:45
Oh, we're also laughing at them. But I don't think that's what they want. It really

Jordan  2:46:49
does support like this, this, like, central idea of like, I am not part of the solution. Well, but, you know, like, that's, that's really what what gets to me what concerns me whenever I whenever I hear their rhetoric, and I think that the way to respond to it is with what it is that they're doing whenever you

Dan  2:47:13
have thoughts like that, just take a second and reflect that he started a group called the proud Boys good point and just be like, okay, that takes the piss out of him a little bit. Sure. Does. You know, like,

Jordan  2:47:24
how your parents Why would I fight? Why would I want to fight?

Dan  2:47:27
How parents would be you know, like, they tell you stories about the monster under your bed. It's like well, actually, you know, he, you know, he's he's afraid of cats or whatever, you know, like you're you're absolutely right, it takes it takes a lot of the sting out of him. Well recognize he started uh,

Jordan  2:47:44
well, what what defeated the kk k in the 50s really was the Superman radio show. Because one of the writers for the Superman radio show infiltrated the Ku Klux Klan, and that was Superman's enemy for a long time. And what they did was because he infiltrated the Ku Klux Klan, he could use their dumb Oh, this guy's the Grand Dragon. And so what wound up happening is people didn't join the Ku Klux Klan for a while because it was so silly. Yeah, they were the enemy of Superman. How would you why would you join a club killer of Americans yeah called the with the Grand Dragon and and all that dumb shit when Superman is fighting against you

Dan  2:48:30
guys, so we have a couple more so why would

Jordan  2:48:32
you join the proud boys if noted. satirists knowledge, are mocking them.

Dan  2:48:40
And listen, this next clip. We have two more clips. Oh boy, this next clip. I don't know what it is about. I have completely lost track of what it is. I titled it incredibly poorly. It just says definitely not stupid.

Jordan  2:48:58
I think I love assuming that was sarcastic. I think so. I'm assuming that

Gavin McInnes   2:49:03
we don't have Title Nine crap or any this legislation that supports their mythical view of America. And they just sort of peter out they just learned to shut their mouths and they get back into art and music and fashion and the other things they're good at.

Alex Jones  2:49:17
Or they claim they're good. So that's what it is. It's a bunch of beta losers trying to be dominant because dominance we're taught it wasn't meant to be dominant. So we stood down then all the betas come in.

Gavin McInnes   2:49:27
That doesn't imagine a bunch of 10 year old girls got into British soccer into football and they went down to four rounds Man United and went oh boy. You go problem on Bloody eight man you and they started head butting soccer hooligans. That wouldn't last for very long and those little girls would go back home and that's what we're going to see within the next few years.

Dan  2:49:47
That's definitely not stupid. I would argue that is the the antithesis of stupid. Do you want to try and track that sense? I not mine his.

Jordan  2:49:57
What did he say?

Dan  2:50:00
Say so he was talking by listen,

Jordan  2:50:01
I heard all of his words in order.

Dan  2:50:04
So he's talking about these beta.

Jordan  2:50:05
I know they came out of his mouth. I don't understand do, Dan. Yes? Do words mean things? No, you keep you keep thinking this is where we keep getting in trouble. So

Dan  2:50:15
he's talking about these beta cock losers who are trying to get involved in politics and what have you is like, eventually they'll figure it out. Leave it for the men. Right? They'll go back to back to art and home decorating. That's clearly homophobic

Jordan  2:50:28
and Alex Jones correctly

Unknown Speaker  2:50:31
think they're good at it said

Jordan  2:50:32
that. You know, it's actually straight white men who are good at all of those things. Yeah,

Dan  2:50:36
they're much better than it but they're dressed in those fields. Yeah,

Jordan  2:50:38
no, we don't want them there. And then

Dan  2:50:42
Gavin McInnes makes the stupid analogy of 10 year old girls going to a soccer hooligan match and trying to start a fight.

Jordan  2:50:53
Adopting British accents alla Madonna. Oh, yeah, it's your paycheck. Oh, boy, you go plays you football. That's, that's actually the most offensive part of that clip. For me. That was a very offensive British accent not for me. I don't appreciate it at all.

Dan  2:51:09
So I mean, okay, so if you track what his analogy was, it was the liberals. What was that liberals in the political sphere? And in this protest sphere? They're very well, 10 year old girls, as opposed to the soccer hooligans that are the proud boys.

Jordan  2:51:28
Okay. Okay. So his point was that liberals were punching outside of their, their weight class,

Dan  2:51:33
as we know, they punch like we talked about that earlier. Right. So yeah, that's basically what he's saying. So all and they're gonna get the shit kicked out of them, and then eventually go back to home decor, all of

Jordan  2:51:46
the arguments, and all of the clips that we've heard so far, eventually boiled down to liberals are incapable of fighting on our level. Yes. And they mean that in a very physical sense. Yes. They don't ever mean that in a like, even when Alex Jones, even when Alex was trying to say that you shouldn't metaphorically hit women. Yeah. Eve or when I was talking about how they consider him a conspiracy theorist, because they don't want to engage in his ideas. And he just rattles off numbers that aren't real. No, that aren't correct at all. It's all coming back to we need to be able to punch our problems away.

Dan  2:52:24
Right. I mean, this is something that we were texting about last week, was that I'm coming to the conclusion that Alex Jones thinks fact checking is censorship. Yeah, it is this idea that he thinks that might makes right. And if you are saying that he's wrong, and you have evidence to prove it, you're bullying him. Yeah. And the only way to respond to a bully is we know Alex puts them in comas, he beats the shit out. Yeah. And so that kind of is all if

Jordan  2:52:52
it's a if that bullies a dog, man, we gotta gotta pull to the head. He will go fucking Banat. But so

Dan  2:52:59
he Yes, absolutely. It is it is. It's insane. Because it is that two sides of the mouth thing. Again, it's on one side of the mouth, you won't engage with my ideas. And then on the other side is like I'm gonna beat the shit out of you. Yeah, that's not an idea over the course of this episode, and I mean, I cut out a good bit of stuff that but not not that takes out context. I cut out a bit a good bit of stuff because this was like a hour, hour and a half interview of all of them and you don't need to go into the repetitive stuff. We don't need to talk about Syria more than we need to right. But of the stuff that they're talking about the ones the things that have concrete arguments that aren't just bullshit flying out of someone's mouth. We have facts we've we've made arguments that completely deflate those arguments. We've used even the things that they cite and show that they don't say what they say and now if you want to say that like

Jordan  2:53:54
do if so so maybe some

Dan  2:53:59
chick RS though. I'm the proud boys they'd kick our ass

Jordan  2:54:02
you know, here's here's my and this this is the way I think about the Fight Club. The Chuck plassnik book

Dan  2:54:12
don't talk about it. That's rule number one.

Jordan  2:54:13
Oh shit. It is it is very much a fantasy to the point where I genuinely don't believe that they have any interest in acting out that fantasy. But I would also

Dan  2:54:27
argue that they really haven't engaged with the text. Because even I've read the book and like there's a lot of like a masculinity masturbation and then there yeah, I've

Jordan  2:54:41
I've read the book as well. But I think one of the bigger things I'm a white male, that's what

Dan  2:54:46
I do. I think one of the bigger themes is the disintegration of the self and becoming whole again yeah, you know, there is a part of it that is that Tyler Durden personality was a negative manifestation right the the name Right. Well,

Jordan  2:55:00
I mean, it's it's your your basic, you know, like Wall Street's was supposed to, was supposed to take down that ideal of the 80s banker who was out of control and instead wound up lionising, or the same thing with Wolf of Wall Street, or the way that you look at Catcher in the Rye all too often is that that fucking bitch of a kid is the hero, when in reality, he's the he's the antithesis of such

Dan  2:55:31
often parody is not understood by Dum Dums, which is why

Jordan  2:55:35
I believe that the Irish should eat their own children in order to

Dan  2:55:40
survive. Sure, is the fact that everyone else puzzle seems modest. Yeah, absolutely.

Jordan  2:55:44
I'm not making an outlandish proposal. I'm making a modest one.

Dan  2:55:50
Yeah. So we have one more clip. It's very short. And I think it sums things up. And this is an argument that actually, factually, I can't super disagree with, but I agree, but boy, do I disagree with it.

Gavin McInnes   2:56:06
They're just gonna ask, we ask and slowly realize that the patriarchy is back. And the big boys know what they're doing sit down,

Jordan  2:56:12
is back in town. So that's the one

Dan  2:56:14
thing that we can't really like, Triarch he's back. I can't sit down. I can't really argue with that with research I can very

Jordan  2:56:24
well, I mean, there, it's hard. It's hard to deny that the patriarchy is back in style, at least no, but it seems very popular at this point in

Dan  2:56:34
time. At the same time, the patriarchy is a nebulous concept. I think that you could a lot of people could probably, you know, poke some holes in it, what have you and the and show that the patriarchy is a negative thing. But as I understand it, well, most of the people who support the patriarchy coming back what they're motivated by is a fear of women being in charge. They don't think that women are capable of being in charge. Yep. They're scared of women being equivalent to them, right. They're threatened by the idea of listening to women when they tell them to do things agreed. And I think that that is one of the otter definitions of cowardice. I think it's not manly, I think it's not adult. And if you really are super into the patriarchy, I really don't understand what argument you could possibly have.

Jordan  2:57:22
Yeah, well, I mean, this, again, I don't have a study. This is the thing that I think of this is the thing that I think of whenever this is brought up. And I remember this, just this is burned into my brain from my little sister's wedding is the pastor read during the wedding ceremony? First Timothy 211, which is let a woman learn and all submissiveness I permit no woman to have authority over man because Adam was formed before Eve. That's not a great wedding. It was in the wedding. Right? Yeah, that's wouldn't you just bail at that point? If that's what you if that's what you really believe I'm fucking out of that. That for no reason other than God picked a dick. Yeah. You should never women should never be allowed to do anything.

Dan  2:58:09
It's unbelievable. It's not even really the dick. It's physical might. It's always the deck. Well, like much like you were talking about, like sports being prevalent because sports has existed longer. Yeah, it's the same kind of thing. It's just back when we were caveman, sort of era of our evolution. Men physically dominated women. Ergo, we had control in most primitive civilizations. There are a bunch of them that had matrilineal civilizations and some other ones that were weird or and had like avuncular based civilization. Yeah, kind of swinging. You know, there are a bunch of them. They were a lot happier there. Yeah.

Jordan  2:58:44
Every measure By every metric anthropological study, like a good way to go that Yeah, but anthropological studies have always shown that male dominated societies are a pet perpetual war machine that winds up damaging, it said,

Dan  2:58:58
well, even it isn't even avuncular ones are still sort of male dominated, but they're male dominated by a secondary degree. That's basically it's basically civilizations were communities raised children, were like your uncle would raise you and you'd sort of not really trade kids. But there would be a communal understanding of like, your parents don't own you, that sort of thing. Whereas matrilineal is the mother is the head of the community. patrilineal is the father. Yeah. But unfortunately, as our civilizations have grown, the as men are the mighty ones physically and the ones were full of testosterone that leads us to war and fight with each other. Right? The patrilineal societies seem to be the ones that have grown and the ones that have exhausted and destroyed a lot of the other ones. So we end up with all of our civilizations, basically, that exist nowadays are the ones that men are in charge. Yeah, those are the ones that have their roots in the caveman days when men were physically able to die

Jordan  2:59:59
right? The civil The nations that are the best at destroying other civilizations, right are the ones that have perpetuated?

Dan  3:00:05
Exactly. We're in the long game of Risk and we just haven't reached the end yet.

Jordan  3:00:08
Yeah, well, I mean, we're getting close like year to max. You

Dan  3:00:13
know what I've played a lot of risk games that seemed like they were about to end. And then we're there for another seven hours you should

Jordan  3:00:22
be on CBS NBC right now.

Dan  3:00:26
It's possible that door three is just gonna roll shitty. It's gonna be like, damn it, Kim Jha, Kim Jong Il still has Oceania. Damn. Why does it always win goes to the defense. Yes. No, but you know what I'm saying? Like, that's why Yeah, that's why a lot of these these male ideas exist. It's not because of dicks. It's because of just

Jordan  3:00:51
No, no. And I agree with you. I think the problem is, we know what the real solution is. Which is all men need to be destroyed immediately. I have a different solution. What's your different solution?

Dan  3:01:04
I want to shave Gavin McInnes his beard and make him eat it.

Jordan  3:01:08
That is a very good solution. I fully support you when I was like, to all of our knowledge right listener when I was like 20, TF, we do not advocate violence. We do however, advocate shaving Gavin McGinnis his beard and feeding it to him? Do you want to go with slowly or like big clumps?

Dan  3:01:29
I don't care. When I was like when I was like 20 to 23. My brother sent me a news article. And it was this guy who had been screwed over in a cow deal. He had sold some bows. And the guy who screwed him over, held him down, got screwed over and the guy held him down, shaved his beard and made him eat it. That is fantastic. said today then I thought that was like one of the most degrading things possible look,

Jordan  3:01:53
so frontier justice, while not necessarily being applied equally, is sometimes the best justice.

Dan  3:01:58
Yeah, so we're gonna get out of here. But before we do, because this has been so toxic masculinity ish. I want to take a trip back to the clip we played on the last episode. Just as a gentle reminder. Here we go.

Alex Jones  3:02:14
Plan. It's beautiful. I love it. Just like I love my mommy when I was six years old. When I was about six years old, she kicked me off her lap, said you can't be a mama's boy now. You don't get any more love drama man.

Alex Jones  3:02:33
That's what it comes down to.

Dan  3:02:34
And that's the man who put on the show that we have just listened to. So congratulations, Alex

Jordan  3:02:39
are a fucking murderer. I would you just you just dropped a hammer. That's the only way to describe that. Oh, fuck yeah,

Dan  3:02:49
all of this Fuck yeah. relates to this. This is why Alex is totally fine having people like Gavin McInnes on his show. Now if Gavin had to fuck and Phil four hours a day, and they've been doing it for 20 years and got drunk on Arrow bunch. I imagine he might say something. I

Jordan  3:03:04
probably have some kind of a Yeah, Mike Cernovich.

Dan  3:03:07
Wow, a crazy wingding asshole has been pretty outside of our scope in terms of like, he wasn't nearly as bad as those two. Yeah. But like that, that's what this is all about. This is what it's all about. It really is. You're mad at women. Congratulations.

Jordan  3:03:23
You deflated my anger so hard. Well, now it's right back to being tragic. This fucking tragedy of a human being was just influenced people who otherwise probably wouldn't be like, it can't be what everybody is. That's what your anger should that's where it is coming back to Yeah,

Dan  3:03:42
because he's influencing the proud boy execs and God dammit, they exist. And that sucks. If you meet a proud boy, tell him that we are at knowledge underscore five on Twitter.

Jordan  3:03:54
And that they can subscribe to us on iTunes where knowledge fight

Dan  3:03:58
also you can reach us at knowledge fight@gmail.com Or just that our website knowledge fight.com

Jordan  3:04:03
or at our new email address. Proud boys proud boys proud boys or gmail.com

Dan  3:04:10
or even newer email address even prouder boy. So yeah, this this has been not super fun. I hate most of the things we talked about.

Jordan  3:04:20
No, I got angry. Yeah, but I predicted that. I don't know if you noticed that or not. Did I did yeah, it probably came through

Dan  3:04:26
what else I noticed. What did you notice? I noticed that you know, couple policy walks.

Alex Jones  3:04:32
Andy in Kansas, you're on the air. Thanks for holding.

Andy In Kansas   3:04:36
Well, Alex, I'm a first time caller. I'm a huge fan. I love your work.
