Alex Jones  00:00
Andy in Kansas, you're on the air. Thanks for holding. Well, Alex, I'm a first time caller. I'm a huge fan. I love your work.

Dan  00:07
Hey everybody, welcome back to knowledge fade. I'm Dan. I'm Jordan. We are a couple of dudes like to sit around and drink wine and dabble and Tao. Have some dalliances and the, the the soft and mellow waters of Alex Jones. I don't know what

Jordan  00:23
that was. That was out of control. Right? That was wild. Letter. What were you talking?

Dan  00:29
I don't know. But it's wild times in the world of Alex Jones. And, you know, so we're here in the middle of the week coming down. having a chat with you. This is a show where we take a day in the life of Alex Jones and we break it down piece by piece. But

Jordan  00:43
let me ask you a question. What's up? How much do you know about Alex? So much? Okay. I'm gonna be honest with you. Please be

Dan  00:50
be Alex Jones levels of honest with me.

Jordan  00:53
I am 99% Sure. Sometimes I make a mistake, but I am 99% Sure. I know nothing about Alex Jones.

Dan  00:59
Therein lies the fun of the show. I get to shock and offend you with the words of Alex Jones, and not out of concept would

Jordan  01:09
have been a much better campaign in Iraq. The shocking event.

Dan  01:14
Just go up to

Jordan  01:16
bother with all let's call their moms gay. Let's

Dan  01:23
yell at them for being offended by it. Yeah, you're offended. You're my rights. Come

Jordan  01:28
on free speech. Cupcake.

Dan  01:31
So before we get going out of your safe zone, go to your demilitarized intellectual zone. Yeah, because I call it that. Before we get going. I have a couple of thank yous first, again, like to thank Mike Kaplan for joining me on the last episode of super fun to interview him. And this is coming out Wednesday. You can still go see him tonight at schubas Tavern here in Chicago. If you're in town. Just want to say that again and say thank you again. It was super, super cool. Sorry. You couldn't be there, Jordan?

Jordan  01:58
No, no. That would have been a weird interview. If I was there. I'm not I'm not I'm not supposed to be there for interviews. It was there. I just interject like he talked. And it was very cogent, and interesting.

Dan  02:11
I still felt weird.

Jordan  02:12
Am I gonna do laughing at him?

Dan  02:15
Also, I'd like to say thank you to our new friend, David. Thanks for donating to the show. This one's going out to you.

Alex Jones  02:21
I'm a policy wonk.

Dan  02:25
That was just for you. Whenever someone donates Now you give a you get a little polyglot, you build their own policy. You are your own bylaws, you are officially a policy wonk David, thanks for joining us. It does not take a lot of work. And if you guys want to donate there's a link on knowledge fight.com to support the show. You can check that out. Or just go to patreon.com/knowledge fight there. If you want to donate please do. It's not mean you don't have to. Anyway, great sales. Speaking of donations, Alex might need some in the future.

Jordan  02:56
Oh, transition game is still strong,

Dan  02:59
still tight. I want to make this statement clear. I said at the beginning of the last episode, and I stand by it. I really don't think that we have any business talking about his divorce. I agree. And I don't like what I'm seeing on Twitter. I don't like what I'm seeing in terms of articles on unnamed websites. I don't like the takes that I'm seeing. I really don't like people dancing in the mud, as it were.

Jordan  03:25
It's it's weird to see, because the hot tech machine of the internet is so so ridiculous. Where it's like, you fly off as little bit as little of your knowledge as possible. You just Alex Jones denied Sandy Hook, like Yeah, that's awful and miserable. But oh my god, he's done so much more. Yeah, so much more of a monster.

Dan  03:51
It's like if you have a band that you know a lot about and the like people only know their greatest hits.

Jordan  03:57
Right? Right. But it's like Chicago, but it's like the band Chicago. No, but it's the reverse. Oh, it's the reverse of the bands. You only

Dan  04:03
know their worst songs. So all these people out there, they know Alex Jones worst hits. Whereas like he has a deep catalogue. Guys, you should really get into some of the the album cuts the besides? Oh yeah. There's not just, you're the inspiration. It's not just Saturdays in the park, or Chicago, so Oh, boy. It's not just 25 or six to four. God, it's a great song.

Jordan  04:29
I didn't know you knew so much about Chicago. I know those three songs. Every time we find out more about your music tastes. It's just it's just getting weird. There's more to life

Dan  04:36
than just does anybody really know what time it is? Another great Chicago song. Anyway, I really, really really want to encourage people to stop paying so much attention to the divorce stuff. Because a lot of it is his business. Yep. And a lot of it is not really necessarily real in our in our world. You know I mean, I don't Okay, well,

Jordan  05:02
I would like to know more. A lot of it is permanent. Actually I do, but please explain it to the listeners,

Dan  05:06
it's a lot of it is personal, we don't really know the dynamics that are going on in his household. We don't know anything about his ex wife. We don't know anything about that world.

Jordan  05:18
And, and we've studiously tried to avoid it. Yeah.

Dan  05:22
And because it isn't our business, and it will be tasteless of us to delve into that. Now, the reason that everybody's interested in the reason that things became immediately interesting to people about this was his lawyer said that he's playing a character. Yes. And that was the defense that they used or were intending to use in the in the trial. And the reason that this isn't even interesting, really, is that he makes that claim across the board on his own show. Whenever he wants to dodge responsibility for something as in the case, when he screamed about beating up Adam Schiff, he said that his rants were performance art,

Jordan  05:58
or their jokes. He said he was joking about so many other different things like, Oh, I was just, you know, everybody else was was doing it. So I made a joke about it. And that whole thing, he does that all the time. And if you are talking about his listeners, like you're not, you're not actually engaging with why it is they listened to Alex Jones, they do not care. Nope, probably don't care. No, you're. And if he says he's a performance artist, that to them is as much a wink, as it is a it's not an admission of guilt or that he doesn't believe in what he's saying. It's just him being like, Hey, guys, I'm a performance artist to get my kids like that kind of

Dan  06:40
best. It's that at worst, the audience would believe the globalists are trying to torpedo his family. And he's just doing what he's got to do. Of course, sometimes that means you have to you have to lie to protect your family. Yeah.

Jordan  06:53
And of course, and the timing of this could not be more perfect for everybody. Yeah, it's especially if you are a globalist. Let's say you're a globalist now is when you strike. That's the trick. You know, Alex Jones, he was nothing. He was nothing to the globalist for a long time. He was just a thorn in their side now that he has some power. That's when you back his ex wife? I don't know. I don't know what's going on there.

Dan  07:19
I don't either. And that argument falls apart because the divorce has been going

Jordan  07:21
oh, an argument about the globalist being real fell apart. The Shocker.

Dan  07:26
Especially falls apart because the divorce has been going on since 2013. But look, there's a lot of salacious fun stuff that you could make fun of. But we choose not to do that we choose not to engage in that. Because we sincerely believe the taking Alex based entirely on his words, and researching his words, is a much, much more scathing attack. And it's something that he can't deflect from and

Jordan  07:53
hopefully, hopefully something that if his listeners were to actually engage with us, they would like there wouldn't be an argument back, there wouldn't be something that they could say. They might actually be like, Oh, that maybe

Dan  08:07
does make sense. It depends on how deep cognitive dissonance goes.

Jordan  08:11
But I mean, I'm not saying that a lot of them would do one or two. Yeah, I'm saying we could siphon off one or two Alex Jones. Listen, I'm

Dan  08:19
not Captain save a ho over here. That's not where I'm at. That's not my business. I'm not trying to necessarily convert his flock. As much as I am trying to. I don't know, what are we doing?

Jordan  08:30
That is a good fucking question. Is the goal to

Dan  08:33
convert Alex Jones listeners or is it to like, I guess make a time capsule? I don't know what we're doing.

Jordan  08:39
I think we're establishing our eventual multimillion dollar book deal with Simon and Schuster bingo, where we we review the 2016 election through the eyes of Alex Jones. That might be what we're doing anyway. Either that or we're just masturbating into the void that's way more likely that's probably the best way to go.

Dan  09:00
So you touched on it and that's a subject that will be what this episode is This is Episode Part Two in a indefinitely long series that I would like to call how not to cover Alex Jones. When you do stuff like the obsessing about him, or it wasn't even him, it was his lawyer saying that he's playing a character, right? When you obsess over stuff like that, and you clown on him real hard, like Media Matters has and all these websites, these pop culture websites, all these people on Twitter, when you obsess about this stuff that comes out in his divorce, all you're doing is playing into his hands. My evidence for that is the episode we're going to be listening to today. It is from Monday,

Jordan  09:44
your your evidence could just as easily be Trump. Sure, like did did all of our relentless mocking take him down. No, it only made him stronger. Because apparently the I'm rubber you're glue It fucking works.

Dan  10:01
The Neener Neener defense. Yeah, yeah. So you're just mad because

Jordan  10:05
you lost man.

Dan  10:07
This is an episode from April 17 is a special report that he put out in the evening. And I will say I think it was unadvised of him. I think his lawyers probably should have stopped him from recording this because I think he touches on some stuff that may come up in court. And when it look I don't care about like respecting his personal life when he brings stuff up. That's the line for me.

Jordan  10:34
That's a good point. I

Dan  10:35
will dance around the one versatile life when he says he's the one but well

Jordan  10:39
and we're putting together a slow but sure biography of him of course. And

Dan  10:44
there is there is a new entry in this episode, which get excited for that I am. But when you

Jordan  10:50
kill another dog, nope, that monster Nope. When you attend that should be in his fucking trial. He said he murdered a dog but that slipped that in his trial. That is one step away from murdering all four of your chill Jordan.

Dan  11:07
That's, that's hearsay. That's him say

Jordan  11:10
he didn't alright. And that's my favorite thing I've ever said right there. Him say that's perfect. Say Yeah, that's her say what do you want?

Dan  11:18
That? No, the reason it's hearsay is because he doesn't actually say he killed a dog. He's just saying you kind of sometimes have to kill a dog.

Jordan  11:28
All right. How about the time he put a guy in a coma? Knocked all of his teeth out?

Dan  11:32
Oh, yeah, that's bad. That should be that should be in there. It definitely shows a temper. But he was talking about when he was younger, and who cares? Look, we're not here to plan a prosecution.

Jordan  11:42
Maybe that is what we're here to do.

Dan  11:44
So this this episode, all I've done, he put out a 23 minute video, all I've done is cut out like a couple of gaps here and there. And a couple plugs. So just a couple times he says info wars.com Yeah, Joseph Watson is going to be hosting that out. I've cut out nothing of

Jordan  12:02
substance 30% off of whatever, there's 30% off Easter sale still going on. As I recall, he was gonna get that I knew he was gonna get that in there. But

Dan  12:11
this is what happens when you don't actually engage with Alex, on his level, what he's talking about. This is the sort of thing that he can do to spin his way out and still keep his cult intact. Ladies and gentlemen, here we go. Here's the introduction.

Alex Jones  12:26
You see that headline? Google says rogue vendor violated guidelines by certain contractors. The right Info Wars is untrustworthy site. That's Business Insider, Google responded less than 24 hours after this broke on Mike Cernovich website and also on ours. Ladies and gentlemen, all we do is break cutting edge inside intel from our amazing sources. leakers and patriots.

Dan  12:54
So that's the first clip he shows. Video opens with him holding up his cell phone it shows this Business Insider article great that

Jordan  13:04
he believes that is riveting television, the dominant man holding up his phone pointing to an article you cannot read No. With just the headline, I'm sure

Dan  13:17
totally and you can't read I can't even read the headline in the video. No, why would you need to but this is holding up his phone. You can trust him. This is a continuation of a narrative that got started a little bit before this, I believe like on the Sunday episode of the show with Mike Cernovich Mike Cernovich was discussed on our last episode. He is stuck around Austin,

Jordan  13:37
great as he's a giant pile of shit fall into each and every fucking crevice of your shoe as you walk by him. No, no, no, no, it's

Dan  13:47
a very different reasons for different reasons. Okay, because he's broken a huge story. Okay, and that is that Google is trying to censor and D list Infowars from their search engines.

Jordan  14:00
Really? No. But that's his story.

Dan  14:10
That's his story.

Jordan  14:11
That would be an interesting story at this point. It is I like I could kind of I could kind of believe it. Like, based on all the stuff we've talked about. I'm not saying that that could happen or would happen because you know, whatever. Yeah. But I could I could almost see that being the case. Well, one

Dan  14:31
thing that is important to consider, and this is just Google policy. This is company policy. If a site is being delisted, they have to give a formal letter to that company. So if Alex Jones was legitimately being delisted, he would have evidence reproof. He would have that letter from Google. So that's not have so

Jordan  14:52
it's, it's entirely impossible unless he pulls out the letter. Now

Dan  14:58
keep in mind all he does That Info Wars is break massive stories that are truthful, by his own words right there. That's what he said, this story is bogus as fuck. Right. So do you want to know the truth? Should we wait until this develops a little?

Jordan  15:18
Yeah, I don't need to know the nuts and bolts. I want to see where he's gonna go. Alright, that's a good point. Because

Alex Jones  15:25
Google has admitted though that they are hiring or have hired excuse me, 10,000 people to go around delisting stuff on the internet, they say it's fake news, or spam. That's the big story. Infowars is not the story. If they can censor you, they can censor me. What should be prominent is what you up vote. What actually gets the best ratings, what people promote, if there's fake bots, fake spam, fake view counts? Absolutely. Google has a right to blocked us.

Jordan  15:55
So they should block Infowars that.

Dan  15:58
Maybe? Maybe? I mean, they do have a lot of artificial traffic. They sure do. They have and Paul Joseph Watson both have outrageously high numbers of fake Twitter followers, based on you know, Twitter audits that have been done. Ah, so, look, I don't know, I, I, that argument isn't going to do it for me, like his own argument for why something should be censored? That's not enough for me. Of course, of course.

Jordan  16:25
But let's, you know, tend to have they hired 10,000 people.

Dan  16:29
I don't know, why don't we let him hang himself a little more. Before we get to the facts. That was your plan. Let's do okay. All right. Hold on to that 10,000

Jordan  16:37
numbers. All right.

Alex Jones  16:39
But ladies and gentlemen, high level Google administrators, how does even code bar sources and Cernovich showed me the sources all over the trust me. So I was able to see the whole data trail, you name it, one of his sources for at least multiple years. Started, which is great, because he just works with context. He's a real journalist. He's amazing. He's helped him for so much with the stuff he's been doing. So we're just so proud of the work he's doing. Breaking the Susan rights news. And the Susan

Dan  17:07
Rice news was a bogus story also. Yep, that was complete bullshit. Also, another fun news story that Mike Cernovich broke over the weekend, was he went to one of these tax protests because he was in Austin. Right? So he didn't have to be in Berkeley, wherever you might get. Is that correct? Correct. All right. He was in Austin at the tax protest. He was counter protesting as it were, and he has your he put out a video of him with his cell phone on himself doing like a like a selfie Periscope video. And he's like, they're attacking me. And there's a bunch of people, like you can see behind him. There's another guy who caught another angle of the video

Jordan  17:48
as far away as humanly possible. He's like, across the street isn't a no,

Dan  17:52
it's just like a couple people who are like, on there, just sort of moving him out of the way. And he's walking in front of them while they escort him out of the protest area. shooing

Jordan  18:03
him with a broom. It's so funny. It's so out of here, little boy,

Dan  18:07
it's so funny to see the long view of him acting like he's in the middle of a huge crowd that's beating him up or trying to assault him. It's just a couple people who are like lawn man, and not even really pushing him. And he's just like, it's He's the worst he

Jordan  18:23
was doing. He was doing everything possible to try and incite something there. Of course he will.

Dan  18:28
And knowing that it probably wouldn't happen. He was doing things to rig the appearances to make it look like he was being oppressed. They don't want my free speech.

Jordan  18:39
I mean, they don't course. I want him nobody's nobody's arresting him, though.

Dan  18:44
I want him to have free speech. If I were there, I wouldn't want him there. Yeah,

Jordan  18:48
yeah. Do that. Over there. That's literally every possible situation where Mike Cernovich is there? Yeah. Even if he's the I don't want him there. Wherever he is.

Dan  18:59
Anyway, he broke the Susan Rice story. Huge, according to Alex, not huge, a truthful world. Well, I mean, it is truthful, but the context of it is is completely meaningless. Yeah. She was the National Security Adviser. All right. So

Jordan  19:12
we do have a confirmation that he did tell the truth. We got one on the board.

Dan  19:19
I don't agree with that. I think he told he said some truths and then lied about the interpretation of them, which makes it a lie.

Jordan  19:28
Yeah. Or maybe he's just an idiot. Well, no, because I could

Dan  19:31
say you're wearing like a green blue hoodie. And that means that you are a coward. I don't know my brain wasn't doing good with coming up with ideas. My point is that the color of your hoodie is true, but my interpretation of it is wrong. And therefore it's all kind of unless I actually am a coward, but it would still have nothing to do with your hoodie. Okay, fine.

Jordan  19:57
That's actually how coward signaled each other. I don't we need communicate some way, but we're too afraid to say so I don't want to get into your coward handkerchief game. No. But we're like the world where the coward boys really is what we are.

Dan  20:10
Listen the point. The point is that Mike Cernovich is not telling the truth in this case? Of course not. He's not telling the case on Google. But let's, let's finish up this clip. And then I'll explain.

Alex Jones  20:22
With us and others breaking the big news about the troop buildup, they're trying to construct a larger war in Syria. And I mean, just on so many fronts, one of which is on target. That's why Donald Jr. Says he deserves a Pulitzer Prize. He does not these other fake journalists that are running around. Oh, but last night, we posted it like 11 o'clock at night. After hours of research over all the emails and documents and a whole manuals on how to censor, we only publish three pages of it. Because we're not trying to even screw these companies over. They're the ones screwing us over.

Dan  20:53
So now it's time to get into what's actually going on.

Jordan  20:57
Why did they only post three pages? They went through 1000s of documents. And at 11 o'clock after a long work day of just combing through these high level Google Documents, right. When I assume they sent them a link to a Google Doc. No,

Dan  21:15
they were they were secretly given to Mike Cernovich. They weren't.

Jordan  21:19
Why would you secretly give anything to Mike Cernovich. public document you could just give them to Mike Cernovich

Dan  21:25
their public documents? Well, yeah, I found them. Well, yeah.

Jordan  21:29
But I mean, you you they've been delisted from Google. They don't know how to Google things anymore. They can't Bing it.

Dan  21:36
They haven't been delisted from Google. Yeah. But you

Jordan  21:38
don't know that you haven't searched? Infowars? I have. What's the first thing that comes up? Infowars? That seems very obvious. There's like 300 should have known that.

Dan  21:47
What is this? Okay, I have the actual number here. They have 341,000 pages on Infowars listed on Google. Right? So that

Jordan  22:01
341,000 results? Yeah, no, no, but

Dan  22:04
if you search within the site, infowars.com. Oh, so if you go into Google, and you put into the Google search bar site, colon info wars.com, you get 341,000 results? How did you

Jordan  22:18
learn about that? Did you get some high level sources? Who taught you how to Google properly?

Dan  22:22
I just know how to Google?

Jordan  22:24
I don't know. So I don't know if you do. So now this tennis have some inside information? Do

Dan  22:30
you know how Google works? That is a good question. It's not magical robots. Their algorithms work because they have these 10,000 contractors, okay, hire, and their job is to do searches all day, and evaluate the results. So you search for certain terms. And then there is a like 160 Page guideline manual that teaches you how to evaluate the results that you get. And one of the things that they are, you know, there

Jordan  23:06
seems too long, 160 pages,

Dan  23:08
that's that's what he that's single spaced, that's what Alex is talking about. He's like this, the 100 they combed through 160 pages, and they've found a couple pages that kind of look bad for them. That's basically what they what's happened. They're treating it like some big leak that's come from a secret source. It's not It's Google's manual for how they, you know, try and weed out shit. Because if you're searching for something, you don't want to get a site that has tons of popups on it, right? You don't want to get a site that redirects you somewhere where you're not supposed to be now you don't want to click on a link that takes you somewhere that doesn't have any information on it.

Jordan  23:47
Yeah, you might fucking wind up at Infowars.

Dan  23:52
Exactly. This whole thing, this entire manual is essentially a training manual that goes to explain basically, with their their guidelines. They they go down to basically, does this person have expertise? Is there is this accurate? And is this I can't remember what the third. So

Jordan  24:19
their base, their whole job is to make sure that you and I never actually go to the second page of Google. Yeah, at the end at the end of a search. If you go to the second page of Google, their algorithm probably didn't work or you've

Dan  24:35
not made the question specific. Yeah, but whatever you're looking for you didn't phrase right.

Jordan  24:41
Their job is to make you lazy, right. And it's to or at least facilitate you're already in grown laziness or and

Dan  24:49
as time goes on, things become less relevant. Like one of the examples, they just die in their you know, that hole. Sure. And one of the examples I saw here was that like, which reminds

Jordan  24:58
me I really got Stop paying for the URL on my Angel Fire page. Yeah, I gotta I gotta let that one go.

Dan  25:05
You're Zenga. So one of the examples I found here of something that was considered like low quality by their standards was a TMZ article about Britney Spears filing for divorce. And the reason is because the person searched for Britney Spears, specifically, and that page popped up.

Jordan  25:22
Oh, doesn't want to know about?

Dan  25:24
No, it's because that was that's years and years or it can

Jordan  25:28
be either gender who's searching for Britney Spears? No

Dan  25:31
sexist view.

Jordan  25:32
That is yes.

Dan  25:33
I apologize. You understand this search result isn't relevant nowadays to someone just searching for Britney Spears. So it's considered low. And ideally, it'll go down the algorithms Yeah, pop up as immediately when you search for just Britney Spears. Right? That's not trying to delist TMZ, as it were, it's not trying to censor them at all. It's just considering what are you searching for? You want to make sure that you get to that?

Jordan  25:57
Yes. It's trying to it's trying to suss out your your goals?

Dan  26:01
Yes. Now, it gets a little bit complicated.

Jordan  26:05
Whoa, so 10,000 people all working on the same thing might get a little complicated with 160 Page guideline with which they're trying to follow?

Dan  26:12
Yes. Okay. So

Jordan  26:15
I assumed it would be simple. The like, like, the one page manual is just like, guys, you know, what you're looking for? Yes.

Dan  26:24
There was a screenshot that was like that's posted on Cernovich. His website, and Infowars reposted that was using Infowars as an example of something that would get a low score. Okay. This was not from Google's own, like main document. It was from one of the businesses that some of these 10,000 people work for, because they subcontract these things out. Okay, this person was using Infowars, as an example of this would be low on the scale, right,

Jordan  26:56
like a PowerPoint presentation to your to your training staff, essentially, here's how we would do.

Dan  27:01
Yes, gotcha. And the reasons that are given for that is that the reputation of Infowars has been that they are overall controversial, and often their claims are debunked. Just fair. Yeah, we've illustrated this over and over again. Sure. But here's here's a quote from this, this write up about the situation. Despite this, the example did not suggest that the page Infowars be given the lowest possible score. In fact, it explained why this should not happen. It even defended the reason why that particular page would be useful to some Google searchers. And this is from the document Yes, simply presenting an unorthodox perspective on the news doesn't exactly qualify, even if it may be harmful. In the larger, more elliptical sense of the term, you could say that we're being generous with the upper range here. But the site may be considered useful to some users looking for an alternative source of information, and it redeems it in some way.

Jordan  27:57
Okay, so what what that translates to is just because it's controversial, and probably not

Dan  28:06
useful, and it's coming from a thoroughly debunked, yet really debunked site

Jordan  28:10
isn't enough to delist it or to drop it as low as possible. Yes. What what you should do is if you're searching, if you're searching for just like, what happened today, Infowars should not be on the top of the list. Right? Right. Should be like CNN and what and the New York Times and

Dan  28:30
or if a site like, like a site that has those are the only

Jordan  28:33
two news agencies that I could reference off the top of my head, which is not good, because I don't read either of them.

Dan  28:38
If a site has like a navigatable pop ups and ship, which would be at the lowest Yes. And then you have shades of the rest of it. Now 50 Shades of lie. Alex claims that these people were told these 10,000 people were told to censor and D list Infowars. And that is just absolutely not true. They're just been out. They were used as an example of something that was low quality, right, which is fair.

Jordan  29:06
Now, do we have the recordings of those conversations, though? So they put up the training? Montage, they're all right. But say they turn the recording off. I assume all training sessions are recorded, like the Nixon White House Tapes. They turn it off, and then the trainer goes, Listen, this is off the record. D live D list Infowars because those flux is bullshit. No,

Dan  29:32
I don't think that happened. Yeah, but the thing. So here's where it gets even more complicated. Okay, the example that they used in this sort of guideline that was using Infowars as an example of a low quality information source, they used a screenshot of an Infowars article about Assad reporting that the gas attack was fake. Okay, So now Alex gets really pissed about this later, because he's like, they're saying we don't have legitimate sources. Ron Paul, Ron Paul was on our tea saying it. Putin said it. Assad said,

Jordan  30:15
Yeah, this credible sources this with no skin in the game whatsoever, this former

Dan  30:21
UK ambassador who has a history of supporting Assad throughout really murky times, discussed on past episodes. Yeah, these are his sources. And he doesn't, I think he knows, but he's not willing to engage with the idea that like, these are bad sources. In terms of this, these are bad sources,

Jordan  30:41
or whodunit. They're the only sources who would know, because they're the ones who, well, look what have planned.

Dan  30:50
The story is that Assad gassed his own people. Yeah, so Alex's story is no he didn't. And now you're gonna get Assad's take on it. Like I know, every time someone's accused of murder, they don't say they did

Jordan  31:04
it. Not every time pretty much. A lot of the time. Well, yeah.

Dan  31:07
Okay, fine. Some terrorist organizations take responsibility for their actions. Yeah.

Jordan  31:11
I mean, you got serial killers. You got Jeffrey Dahmer. He ate people. But it did did he plead guilty immediately. Nobody took a shit and everybody knew. Right? So that was the dumbest thing I've ever said. So now, here's my here's my fun. Here's my fun theory about Assad. Like, how great would it be? If he didn't do it? But he knows nobody would ever believe him? Like, what a bummer for him if he's fine. Like the one time he's not the most evil son of a bitch murdering cocksucker. All of the sudden, he's like, Fuck the boy who cried? I didn't I didn't do it this time, Why won't anyone believe me? And then he gases, people just just to get over it. You know, I assume that's how he deals with his

Dan  31:59
stress, I wouldn't be surprised. So that was their example. And again, even within that example, it wasn't saying D list or censor them at all. Just you just lower them on the witches. I mean, it's unfortunate. You shouldn't use Alex Jones as an example of something that would get a low rating, because you know, he's exactly the type of person who's going to turn that into a huge fucking deal. Use another example. Yeah, that's what I would have advised. Looking back, I was a misstep. I would have advised these vendors to do couldn't use

Jordan  32:25
any number of examples like the spectator. Stay away from town halls anyway.

Dan  32:30
Raj? Yeah. Alex Jones. Yeah, and I don't know Cernovich. Stay away from those guys. And you're fine. They're the ones we're gonna get really mad,

Jordan  32:38
at least in regards to your training manual.

Dan  32:42
So here's where it gets extra murky. What Alex Jones is responding to on this episode that we're listening to, is that Google put out a statement explaining that they didn't make that manual, the second manual that has Infowars used as an example see,

Jordan  33:01
and they should have just ignored it. They should have just ignored it. Got away,

Dan  33:05
absolutely didn't need to say anything, but they addressed it. And they're like, hey, look, they didn't they weren't telling anybody to censor anything. But they did use them as an example. And I understand how this could come off. So we've asked that to be removed, and we're going to take care of it. So that's what Google has. No, I mean, you're making a scrunchie face, but I get where they're coming from too. It's like, alright, let's just fucking squash this. And they did. But Alex, of course,

Jordan  33:31
he's gonna Yeah, you just don't engage with him. He's

Dan  33:35
the guy who's the co host of an Alex.

Jordan  33:39
No, I mean it in the in that kind of like offhand throwaway way. Because just the fact that they're responding to him, like, look, we're at best if he's coming after us. He's punching down, at least for now. Right? And probably forever. But at least for now, Google though, Google gets to be a giant corporation that you can really rail against, because there's no way Infowars subscribers and listeners really think that Google isn't part of the globalist. That's true. Like they have to think that Google So the very fact that Google is responding to them means like, oh, they know we're powerful. Good. They know we have something on them. They know they're caught this time, Alex

Dan  34:24
is gonna get to that. But you're starting to be able to predict his behaviors, but you,

Jordan  34:29
this could be the end of the pocket.

Dan  34:31
There's two things one, I think that Google probably doesn't understand his listeners as well as we do. Secondarily.

Jordan  34:38
I don't even think his listeners understand his listeners as well as we do.

Dan  34:42
But then the second thing is, I think that they are doing exactly what I would do in their position, which is be like, hey, you know what, we didn't make that. Fair enough. Fair enough. Let's try and clean up our mess a little bit. You know, these were the subcontractors who did this. You know, sorry, whatever. They don't Have the day and apologize, but they're like night, would you there's nothing to apologize. Absolutely not. And they're not being delisted. They're not being censored. It's all it's all another Susan Rice story that Mike Cernovich is broken. It's all non facts presented as conspiracy against them to highlight victim status, which again is what he's going to do with the divorce stuff. Once he's not under a gag order,

Jordan  35:22
he is the victim, which is the which is the only real bullet that the conservative movement has, is that they're always the ones under attack. That's their that's their all. That's always their argument when it always comes back to it, which is why they can't actually do anything like, or like now that they're in power, they can't actually govern in any kind of reasonable way. Because what what do you do? Like you're you're always the victim, now you're the one who's victimizing other people, so you can't play that card. And whenever everybody starts fucking up. Now, the GOP is complaining that they're the victim against the GOP like they just don't have any other people they

Dan  36:06
have to find the more conservative like the Freedom Caucus has to become the ones who are being victimized. They're the ones who are victimized by the mainstream Republican. victimized by Priebus

Jordan  36:15
always, always sooner or later, there's going to be the infighting whenever everybody has to claim to be the victim, man, it's already happening, which boggles my mind considering the fact that their other argument is that everybody else is playing the victim.

Dan  36:29
Yeah, now, we're going to move on. I think that we've fairly decently addressed this Google thing, I'll post links bullshit, I'll post links to stuff on the knowledge bank.com You can find some resources on that, that explain really what's going on this bullshit. But now we're gonna get into the part where Alex goes on from this main point, he's gonna come back to it a bunch. And just remember, whenever he does, it's horseshit. But this clip, and the next couple clips are where he says some stuff that he shouldn't have said on the air.

Alex Jones  37:02
And other news is like, oh, Alex is full of crap. He says Google, the censoring him for leaving the news articles about Syria being a false flag with a chemical attack. And then it was all admitted today. But the media attack on us only intensifies from there. I mean, it is just getting so crazy. To understand this Infowars has been chosen as the beta tests to be incrementally basically shut down. And that's why they take things I've said out of context. That's what they take satire, engaging out of context bullshit clearly parodies. No, and then they put them out. And then I come out and say, that satire or parody, I'm acting There they go, Oh, it's true. Everything you do is an act. Again, targeting low information readers on the internet and watchers,

Jordan  37:50
so this way, he should not have said that. No, because he just then admitted that it's not all an act.

Dan  37:59
Yeah. That's why he shouldn't be saying this. Saying this on the air at all. No, not during this trial? No, especially when he's under a gag order. Yeah, he actually did get he did get in trouble in court on Tuesday, because he made a video like this. I don't know if it's this video specifically. But he's not supposed to be talking about any of this stuff.

Jordan  38:19
No, this technically, he's not addressing it directly. But he is basically addressing the fact that he said he was an act, yes. Or at least his lawyer said that he was an act, and then he's claiming that they are saying that he's an act. Uh huh. And his distinction is that sometimes he's an act. Well,

Dan  38:40
he's going to fully flesh this out. And he's not, but he's going to attempt to fully flesh this out. And his argument that he's going to lay out is that there were times when he played his characters, like one time he was in clown makeup. And one time that's true. The one time he had a lizard mask on and did the character and he thinks is one of

Jordan  39:01
the more powerful people in in alternative meaning. The guy who wears the lizard best sometime one of the more people in alternative media, so

Dan  39:10
he's great. He makes the argument. We live in a beautiful world those times he's doing parodied, but all the other times he's real. So now this is murky, because he's tried to use the performance art claim in the past when we've dealt with the pizza gate thing or with him screaming at Schiff. Yes, you know, those sorts of things, which is not what he's talking about. Now. No, he specifically in this episode thinks that everyone who thinks he's playing a role and doing an act, he thinks that they're just talking about the times that he puts on a lizard mask, or does a British accent or stuff like that. He is so confused about what people are actually saying about him. It's insane. I I could have called almost all of these clips. Alex is a lunatic because

Jordan  39:59
you You could go all of our clips Alex is a lunatic. So he goes on to call our podcast. Alex is a lunatic in this next, we'd have to call it Alex Jones has a little take otherwise people would never find him. We get sued. Everyone named Alan. Yeah, they would just think we were talking about random Alex.

Dan  40:15
So this next clip, Alex goes on to save some more stuff about how he is not an actor. And again, this could really hurt him in court. That's his defense in court. It's really going to work against him. I really think that some of this might get played in court, because it's overt.

Jordan  40:31
That's pretty hilarious. Yeah. He's helped but self destruct

Alex Jones  40:36
95% of the time. I'm not doing satire.

Jordan  40:39
All right, well, that's not good.

Alex Jones  40:41
When I do satire, I tell you, when I wear Azhar mask and act like I'm a Reptoid, or whatever, I don't believe reptoids were on the planet. But the media picks that up and says, Look, Jones, we're a liver, a lizard mask, and believes that the zoar Tawny ins or whatever took over, and I gotta go no, I was acting as a skit as a joke. Everybody else does jokes. Presidents do jokes. I was being an actor there. That was satire, I believe in what I'm saying and doing, I believe in the message of liberty. I'm one of the poorest people on record out there defending the Republic and not selling out and being attacked everywhere. And there are literally in the last two days over 1000 articles have Google Alerts. So I totally believe that tells me over 1200 articles with the words Alex Jones admits he's fake. Or Alex Jones says he's just an actor and doesn't believe it. I didn't ever said any of that. Yeah, you did.

Dan  41:33
No, he didn't. His lawyer did. Yeah. And it is an important distinction.

Jordan  41:40
I don't know of any lawyers who are like, here's what I want my client to do. publicly deny what I said. I know, I don't know a lot of lawyers, admittedly. But I'm fairly certain if you're a lawyer for like, I don't know, let's say you're defending a murderer. You don't want to be like your honor. We enter a plea of not guilty. I did it and then have your your clients go on TV and like, I didn't kill like 5% of those people. 95% of the time. I'm killing you. It's just this one time I did

Dan  42:20
you know what the only way I can sort of wrap my brain around it is like the strategy. The like, sort of legal strategy is muddy the waters. Like make it really so on this tangled bubble. Like make it just a big knot like your headphones are all wrapped up. You're never gonna get those fucking things on tangled like this. Like this cord right here.

Jordan  42:39
Yeah, that's done for it.

Dan  42:40
Yeah, there's no way so yeah, I think that I mean, that's possible. If

Jordan  42:44
your heart is getting so tangled, you're getting closer and closer to the desk. I am it's

Dan  42:49
it's very uncomfortable to get a new cord. But anyway, the script goes on again. This is very ill advised on it. Here's

Jordan  42:55
the weird here's the here's the fun thing that I always love so much is conservatives don't understand that they cannot be funny. They're not funny. Ever funny. So his idea of like, everybody else does jokes. I know. I know, Alex. But but you're like, like what's what's his fuck Mike Huckabee is trying to be funny on Twitter. And you're like, Jesus. Just wow. Yeah. Cut

Dan  43:24
it out. Yeah. Stick to the base.

Jordan  43:27
You know, what's really funny? White people are the best. Oh, no, that's not really a joke. Is it? Mike Huckabee? It's tough. Love. You're terrible.

Dan  43:36
Yeah. And Alex, you're right. He doesn't understand. This is the problem. He's not funny. He's not really doing satire, but he's totally right about people taking them out of context.

Jordan  43:45
Now, admittedly, if he was at like an open mic, and went on stage, wearing a lizard mask and just saying Alex Jones things and I didn't know it was him. That would be the funniest fucking thing I've ever heard in my entire life.

Dan  43:58
If he was doing like the my mom kicked me off her knee. There's four ways to learn so good in a lizard mascot. Open Mic. Amen. Yeah, he's

Jordan  44:07
hilarious. So long as he isn't trying to tell a joke. To be

Dan  44:12
fair, we've seen him do stand up and like our third episode. Yeah, so that he wasn't

Jordan  44:15
wearing a lizard mask.

Dan  44:16
That's a good point.

Jordan  44:17
He wasn't wearing a lizard. But anyway,

Alex Jones  44:19
I never said a word of that. Ladies and gentlemen, what the media does is they take clips of me when I rarely do satire now. They edited it all together. And they put it out like Stephen Colbert did a few months ago. And I guess I got to finally probably Sue. Google. Already called law firms. They know it. Because I know I'll get discovery. They Googled it. I said, I'm not anti gay. I've never been I don't care what you do in your own bedroom. I'm a frickin libertarian. And they got a clip look up Eric was on a little TV, a little YouTube clips. You can't tell it's cut. And it's me going suddenly saying I know and I goes, I'm anti gay. The public take that clip and play it. And people say I've had impact Louie's thrown out of their rent house after that air. A lady says I'm a lesbian, I'm gay, get the hell out of here. You're not on the lease like your room and the guy's leaving a liberal, but he hears about free that works in our office. I call him a classical liberal. You know, all the classic things like freedom and openness and you know, anti drug war. It's just so crazy as a real classical liberal. I consider myself

Dan  45:21
Alex is a classical liberal, classical liberal, right, apparently is the exact same thing as a libertarian, because he just said he was that

Jordan  45:30
by the definition of lizard.

Dan  45:33
Lizard lizard, lizard double. He thinks that they're into freedom, openness and anti drug war. That's all the criteria that he gave there. That's a classical liberal

Jordan  45:43
that I you know, I don't want to say that I'm a Baroque liberal then. That's where they're where their movements in in classical liberalism.

Dan  45:56
I've met some liberals that I would not say are very open. Yeah, but it seemed like a real like one of the virtues of liberalism. Hey, you're reserved get out of

Jordan  46:05
it. I also like the people who got kicked out of the their rent houses, which I don't know if I've ever called it that before. Victorian London. Yeah, exactly. Let's call it an apartment. Maybe. Even in his explanation, it's like, I never was. You're not on the lease. Your roommate is, which means you shouldn't be there.

Dan  46:30
That might be more what's going on? Oh, really? It might be

Jordan  46:35
the whole the whole you should be on like, it's fascinating. You can't sublet your apartment. It's against the law. It's fascinating how I mean, if you don't get your landlord's permission, not

Dan  46:45
Yeah, right. Right. Right. It's fascinating, though, how oftentimes Alex will accidentally tell the truth in the middle of a bullshit like that. I mean, that's so easy to let slip by. It's like, you gotta get out of here. I hate Alex Jones, you're not on the lease.

Jordan  47:00
You don't have that it's the 28th in the womb.

Dan  47:03
Well, it's the same thing with this Google story. You know, it is Google is trying to delist us. They're not the story that you posted. Even the Business Insider story doesn't say that. And

Jordan  47:12
how would they know that? You've already called a lawyer?

Dan  47:15
He hasn't? Of course, he's too busy with his other lawyers.

Jordan  47:19
Well, I mean, in that case, maybe he did call the lawyer talk to him. He's already been calling his lawyer

Dan  47:25
a lot. Talk to his divorce lawyer about suing the biggest company in the world. They're not

Jordan  47:31
quite the big, even Apple is the biggest, most profitable or something like that.

Dan  47:35
But man, they're up there anyway. Alex is not just full of anecdotal stories about people getting kicked out of their homes is not just the guy who's gonna falsely claim he is a classical liberal. He's also gonna tell you a untrue story about someone talking to him on the street

Alex Jones  47:50
to sit here and watch all these eight holes lie about me constantly. And then I had a guy on the street today. Today walk up to me and say, I used to really likes you elicit all the time and I I saw you on the news, you didn't see me you read some quote, saying it's all fake. You're an actor. You don't mean any of this. I never said any of that. I've said hundreds of times on my own shows people ask me, it's one of the most common ask questions. Why aren't you dead? That's the most common. The real. As God damn hell, I don't know. And the other question is, Is it for real? When I promote freedom or sound money or sovereignty or family or free open market, free market systems are not having wars where we start them? Or the right to self defense? Of course, I believe it. Mom, none of my kids are vaccinated.

Jordan  48:38
Yikes. Oh, you should not be losing. Already lost the custody battle Done. Done. Why are we even bothering with Infowars none of his kids are vaccinated. Take his fucking kids away now and vaccinate him. Maybe give them back to him afterwards, but fucking get get your shots. I can't. I can't stress how many times I've said this on the podcast. Get your kids are fucking shots you idiot. It's a public health issue. It's not for you.

Dan  49:10
Science is still out. No, no. Vaccines are tainted.

Jordan  49:17
Oh, man. Oh, no, I don't say this lightly. One of his kids should get polio.

Dan  49:26
I don't say this lightly. That guy on the street didn't talk to

Jordan  49:28
that guy on the street doesn't exist. No. Or I used to like you.

Dan  49:33
And then yesterday, I saw a report that you're fake. That ruined all the time that I listened to fuck off. That didn't happen.

Jordan  49:40
These did he hallucinate that? It's possible because he sounds very he sounds very sincere in that story. Like it doesn't sound like he's lying in the same way that it usually does. Whenever he lies where he he puts in too many details like this guy in a paisley shirt. Well,

Dan  49:58
that's yeah, I mean, he does He does often give too many details. But you see this with like all of his narratives too. He just flippantly lies and sounds like he believes all the stuff he said it's true. He is really good at lying. So anyway, he gets into here into this next clip, there's some more lies. This clip is super bizarre. This I'm excited. This clip starts with him saying stuff. That's obliquely referring to the court case, they shouldn't be saying you shouldn't be saying any of this stuff. Then he speculates as to why people are attacking Infowars and he's lying. It's all bullshit. Then he transitions into a lie about callers calling into his show. Ah, and then he tries to explain satire.

Jordan  50:45
Oh, no, that's a deep water that. That's like the straw man explanation. He does not understand satire.

Dan  50:51
The way I would sum it up is satire is fucking hard, man. It's real hard, and it should be left to prose. But anyway, give it a shot Alex.

Alex Jones  51:01
And I've dealt in my own personal life with a system coming after me, as you can see everywhere, but I'm gonna talk about my family. I'm gonna take the high road and all this. But I've done everything I've said I do. I've stood for what I stand for. I'm not left or right. I choose issues and whether they are the right thing to do and I research so people will even take the fact I'm responding to this is some weakness. Because that's the new media thing. They're like Alex's bonafide he's real people believe him. It's spreading. He promotes all these other freedom lovers.

Dan  51:34
So that who is saying that? Well, that's what he's saying that that's why people attack him because he's vanguard of the new freedom. The new freedom but before that, he was saying that like my, you know, all this stuff, I'm under attack about my family. I'm going to take the high road on it. You shouldn't have said shit. You should have said nothing. Even just saying that is going to be a problem.

Jordan  51:57
Alex Jones, you should have said nothing. Yeah, that's

Dan  52:01
that should be his bio. Yeah, yeah. That's the name of our biography.

Jordan  52:06
That Mike Birbiglia his joke. What I should have said was nothing was nothing. That's what I did say, was all the shit my lawyer told me.

Alex Jones  52:14
Yeah, there they can track that most of the modern next wave of patriotic libertarians that defeat the globalists have been magnified on my show and kind of launch how like drudge helped us launch. Some we would have launched our own or listeners helped us as well. And, you know, folks, but being drugs was a Big Mac cooking

Jordan  52:32
out as listeners still as

Alex Jones  52:35
well. Infowars has been a big magnifier as well for other people, and they see that they know, we're like the incubation system for other people that want to challenge norms, and create new media. Now we

Dan  52:49
take that as an argument, we can look at the people who have come out of Infowars and gained national prominence and I can count on zero hands, the number of people who have come out of Infowars and become irrelevant. Um, zero hands.

Jordan  53:08
I'm pretty sure I read a New York Times profile of Batman and

Dan  53:12
oh, no, no, no, dude, there was that whole documentary about rainbow snatch? No, that was on Infowars No, that's right. Yeah, fuck.

Jordan  53:19
Um, let's see. All the

Dan  53:23
people that he has on who he could make an argument

Jordan  53:25
are like people who give him more credibility than

Dan  53:29
people like an Anthony KU Mia hosting once a two weeks once every two weeks or whatever. People like Gavin McInnes coming on even like Cernovich Yeah, these are guys who have built in fan groups already. It doesn't mean anything. Rob Bouza zero. Owen Troyer is doing nothing. Paul Joseph Watson has a big fan base. But he Infowars is a anchor around his leg for all intensive purposes. He just makes short attention span propaganda videos that he puts out on his own channel,

Jordan  54:00
which are horrendous. Yeah, they're

Dan  54:02
terrible. He's bad at it. He is someone who is actually fairly successful in the home grown stable or whatever. He lives in London. He doesn't he's he's as separate from Alex as he can be while still being involved. David Knight sucks.

Jordan  54:18
David Knight super suck Leanne McAdoo hat

Dan  54:20
is great, but she doesn't have it.

Jordan  54:23
You fucking are in love with Leanne McIntosh. She's

Dan  54:26
very beautiful.

Jordan  54:27
You are in love with Leanne Mac and Millie Weaver. That's what this podcast is really about. You just want yeah, somehow to get Leanne back and news attention and then bring her over here. Anyway, replace me with Leann McAdoo, right no it

Dan  54:45
that would be so great. Who else we got Millie Weaver sucks. Baba Baba. I actually Bedford's barely ever around these days never heard that name of the people who were not really Used to be around aren't around anymore. Jakari Jackson certainly isn't a notable household name. Rambo Joe Biggs. He is not around don't

Jordan  55:08
like you saying any of those words.

Dan  55:12
Mark Dice. Not super famous. Not a really big name now.

Jordan  55:18
Unless you secretly Andrew Dice Clay wearing a mask.

Dan  55:22
I would be regressed age makeup to nth degree. Hey,

Jordan  55:26
if if Benjamin Button can do it.

Dan  55:30
John Baum isn't famous. None of these people are notable. You just have a team of losers. No, it's

Jordan  55:38
not a nice way to say that. But

Dan  55:41
it's fair. Well, yeah. If any of them were doing their own thing, they might actually be successful. They might have it in them to do something. No, it's possible. I

Jordan  55:51
don't know. It is possible.

Dan  55:52
I have no idea. I've

Jordan  55:53
never been an infinite universe. Yes. In one section of the multiverse. Paul Joseph Watson is the greatest broadcaster

Dan  56:01
of his era. I sincerely think he probably has way more talent than he's expressing through his propaganda videos. You think so? Yeah, probably, I think has a charisma to probably doesn't. That's fair. Be that as it may? I'm talking about all the other dingdong. Yeah, like they don't even have a chance to shine. They're not even doing their own unique thing. They're just Alex's seconds. They even they even say the exact same things that he does. They just they just, they're puppets.

Jordan  56:29
The strangest thing about his argument is that he is essentially a cult leader. And anyone threatening his consolidation of power would be immediately torn down.

Dan  56:42
My job is not to get fired. Yeah, exactly. Or at least sent to the side for a little bit since because they let him back into the fold. They put him in timeout. Yeah, he was shamed for a little while and then brought back in. Anyway, you're about to get to the part where he lies about his collars.

Alex Jones  56:58
Doesn't mean I'm perfect doesn't mean I don't make mistakes. But I'm not trying to Truth is my North Star is my pole star. It's what I want. It's where I'm going. No. And so all the time I get the call. Yeah. Any regular listener who's listened for even a week or so? When I take calls? Are you for real?

Dan  57:16
I've listened to every day for the last four months. Has anybody said Not one? Not what no one has ever asked him now

Jordan  57:23
he does screen as calls. Sure. So it's entirely possible that his screener is heard that Oh, which I would assume is robbed you. But he said that anyone who listens is very boring voice Rob do goes. He's for real, and then relays that information on

Dan  57:42
the app, but he's saying that anyone who listens would know that, you know, this call happens all the time. I listen, it doesn't.

Jordan  57:49
Oh, yeah. Well, then definitely not. Yeah.

Alex Jones  57:51
Oh, absolutely. 95% of the time, I'm being totally serious. When I do sat there. I tell you, I don't work as if I dress up like the Joker. We lost probably 50,000 YouTube followers when I did that in a day. I mean, they thought we thought you were a good guy. You've got Joker mask on, you're saying evil stuff. I was being an actor. They're illustrating an evil clown saying take your vaccines, kids and then showing articles where vaccines were killing kids to try to get to people that don't fit into politics, but are into the whole evil clown craze. I'm planning a big hit thing. Yeah, I'm just doing it. You know what? I'm gonna say this is acting to illustrate what I really believe vaccines are dangerous, because they have liability protection, read the inserts that I'm gonna hijack the whole thing, Stephen King and take on kids. Oh, that's good pillow. Do you really mean take them? No, I don't mean take them. And no, I'm not really a clown. But I am good at expressing what I believe. So I'll put white face on and put clouds will scare the hell out of people. I'll be scary. The guy in the movie, you know?

Jordan  58:53
So, you know, we he just said that. He's acting to express what he really believes.

Dan  59:00
Yeah. Well, no, I mean, what he's saying is that he plays this character as the opposite of what he believes and what he really believes right in the case. So

Jordan  59:11
in his argument that he is a performance artist. He just said that he 5% of the time is acting. And he is only acting to express what he actually believes,

Dan  59:25
which is the opposite point of what he's actually making. He's really bad

Jordan  59:28
at this so bad now, hold on.

Dan  59:31
Hold on, just to be crystal clear. He's specifically talking about that time he dressed up like the Joker. He's not abstractly talking about, you know, other times might have been performance art when he was screaming at some guy or something like that. Yeah, he's talking specifically about times he's worn costumes. That's important.

Jordan  59:53
And also wearing costumes is not satire. No satire works,

Dan  59:56
but also, it's not a good argument against vaccines. They they have liability protection. It's a very bad argument because almost everything does I check the inserts I got liability. Well, of course.

Jordan  1:00:09
Yeah. Well the reason that your your aspirin has a fucking little cover on it is because of the aspirin murderer from way back when? And maybe that was not. Maybe there was just a guy on the floor. It could have been the actual corporate anyways.

Dan  1:00:25
Liability protection. Yeah, of course. Almost everything is us at your own risk. We were walking away from this. We don't want liability. How

Jordan  1:00:36
come? We haven't had a disclaimer at the beginning of all of our partners? Zero

Dan  1:00:39
shit. We aren't an LLC. What are we doing? I'll stand by my word. Okay. All right. Anyway, go ahead. You had a question?

Jordan  1:00:47
Um, no, I

Dan  1:00:49
just have time for one question.

Jordan  1:00:50
I Oh, there's so many that come in. I didn't know he dressed up as a joker. They did it. How did he lose 50,000 followers because he dressed up as a joke because

Dan  1:01:02
he said it. We lost a lot of followers. We were like we thought you were a good guy.

Jordan  1:01:06
Yeah, don't be Wait. Does he? Does he believe that his listeners are so dumb? That were they to see him dressed up as the Joker. They would believe he is the Joker.

Dan  1:01:22
We're gonna get into a clip a little bit later down the road where he wrestles with this a little bit further. Oh, God, I don't think he I think he's disappointed by how dumb his listeners are. But he doesn't. He knows that if he calls them dumb. Game over. Yeah. So he has to try and blame the media and stuff like that. It's like they've poisoned everyone's minds and act like he's talking about other people.

Jordan  1:01:48
But yeah, when he's really talking about the Dum Dum if his listeners

Dan  1:01:51
saw him dressed up like the Joker, and they were like, wow, you actually believe that? That means your listeners are dumb. Also, no one who is making fun of that clip. Years ago when he did that. No one was like, Look at this guy. He likes to dress up like the Joker. We don't get this as parody. We don't get this as satire. Everyone was like, Look at this crazy asshole. Yeah, look at this crazy asshole. Just have like a joke. Hey, the first time anybody any writing versus oddly dressed up like the Joker. Yeah. Do you find pictures of it? He really did that. Yeah, he put on like the the makeup and everything. Yeah. Who told him? That was a good idea. I bet there's just people who can't tell him. It's not. That actually sounds far more real. But he doesn't listen to anybody. That's why he's doing that's why he's indemnifying himself or whatever. You know, he's going to get fucked. Yeah, he's

Jordan  1:02:43
not good at this. Yeah.

Dan  1:02:45
So this next clip coming up, is him really further nailing down that he's not an actor. And he also explains that he doesn't want to be famous. Which

Jordan  1:02:57
that is the least true thing. Anyone that that's the least true thing.

Dan  1:03:02
He's sad truth. Is his North Star. Yes.

Jordan  1:03:05
No, he wants to be famous, so bad. He wants to rub elbows with other famous people so badly,

Dan  1:03:12
totally. But also, you really shouldn't be making a crystal clear case that you're not an actor at this point.

Alex Jones  1:03:19
I love how they act like I'm an actor. Like I want to be an actor. I've been in major movies that asked me to be a major movies. More than 50 reality TV shows some of the biggest reality TV stars in the world to do shows with them. But I'm in here and doing live real feeds with you is so much more empowering. I don't want that. I don't want to be a celebrity. I want to be a leader for freedom for the future. But it is all about me now. Because they can destroy in everybody's eyes. someone they know who they admittedly surveil who's under criminal investigation as a Russian agent is I stand for America and have no Russian connections. If they can do that they can take down anybody.

Dan  1:03:58
We you just got really shocked. What's up.

Jordan  1:04:01
He just said he was under criminal investigation for for ties to Russia.

Dan  1:04:05
He's not. That's what he thinks is happening. They're investigating the bots that promote his content. Okay, and stuff like that. The FBI has announced there was that McClatchy article? Yeah, or McClatchy, excuse me, and they were discussing that these Russian bots seem to time, their promotion of Infowars Breitbart content and stuff like that, to make a very high impact. Whenever Trump was going down in the polls, when something bad was happening, bad press for Trump, it seemed like all of these anti Hillary pro Trump articles from Infowars were being pushed really hard by these identified bots that were being used by Russia. Wow, that

Jordan  1:04:49
is very good at strategy. Well,

Dan  1:04:51
it turns out a lot of this stuff is really traceable. But they're using they're not bad.

Jordan  1:04:55
They're not good at hiding their tracks. Right. That is a good strategy though.

Dan  1:04:59
It's Just like with that Syria hoax hashtag, it's really easy to track back who used it first because everything's timestamp because it's the internet. Yeah, in the same way we can Google it in the same way, you can pretty easily identify these these fake accounts. It's pretty simple. And so Alex believes that because the FBI is investigating Infowars connection to these bots, that they are investigating him being a Russian agent, and they're not. This is more of him making himself into a bigger victim and a bigger martyr. Because it reinforces that other thing. He said that if they can do that to me, they can do it to anybody. Yeah. Which is the last act of a coward. When you're like, if you don't protect me, they're coming for you next, when I deserve to become after. Like, I am a liar and a propagandist. And my own 20 year game has caught up to me now at this point. Yeah. And I have created an army of idiots who don't understand satire, apparently, for buying my weirdo pills and bone sauce.

Jordan  1:05:58
Yeah. And now and definitely not as vaccines. No, certainly

Dan  1:06:01
not. Wars line of vaccines. Oh, they

Jordan  1:06:04
would be so good at what would they vaccinate

Dan  1:06:06
leave vaccines?

Jordan  1:06:10
No, no viral content whatsoever.

Dan  1:06:13
You know what they would be that they would be they vaccinate you against fake diseases. There'd be some sort of like space disease that they would vaccinate you against that?

Jordan  1:06:21
I might buy a space for Doctor

Dan  1:06:24
group would come in with some like weird fake disease. Like you gotta gotta get this. I mean, it's great. I've been studying for 15 years. Yeah, when he Bob Dukkha on this one. Anyway, this is what Cowards do. That's, you have this built up group around you. It's like, fuck, they're gonna turn on me eventually, unless I make this a super emergency. And it is going to be a super emergency. Yeah. I mean, he's saying should he should not say

Jordan  1:06:47
well, and once again, once again, it's a it's a cult leader move to? It's always going to be you know, they're coming up to me your leader. Yeah. Because they're going to be coming after you the moment I'm gone. I'm the only one protecting you. It's an

Dan  1:07:02
implied threat to Yeah, yeah. It's like Jim Jones, being like, we all have to kill ourselves or else they're gonna get me. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. And it's not as it's not as severe as that. Certainly, Jim Jones. Jim Jones related to Alex Jones. Exactly. Holy shit. Has Alex Jones ever been in San Francisco? Probably not the People's Church.

Jordan  1:07:28
I would almost guarantee he's never been to San Francisco. This next clip

Dan  1:07:31
is weird. This clip is Alex not really understanding what doing an act is. He doesn't really understand it. And then he gets a little bit sentimental and he gets lost in thought telling a story from his youth. That is not true. Sometimes. I

Jordan  1:07:46
love Alex Jones

Alex Jones  1:07:47
shear letter video on this particular of Amma Nagar it's ridiculous the whole world just age players upon it. William Shakespeare I got my driver's license when I was 15. And a hardship. Sad job a small animal that and I pull up the Sonic and act tough for the girls and say, Hey, let's go see a movie. Yeah, stop my chest out. I I tried to act slicker than I probably was. Was that acting? No, I really wanted to date that girl. I really wanted to take her in the movies. I really wanted to kiss her put my hand on her thigh. I really wanted to date all the cheerleaders and I did the bad girls as well. Punk Rock girls, you name it long as they had a sprinkler step. I wonder? Was it an act and I kind of stuck my chest out and walked over like I was tough. Yes, it was an act. But my heart was 100% behind it on act can be any definition you want to be. Know everything we've done is about restoring the Republic. Everything we've done is about empowering the people. Everything we've done is about being genuine. Globalism is being exposed world governments being exposed. The private Federal Reserve's being exposed, their whole system is being exposed right now. And we're having victory after victory after victory and you are the leaders. You've had the huge effect the world changing because of you, no matter what color your skin is your bloods red, like I said 1000 times

Dan  1:09:17
we will have to say that 1000 times

Jordan  1:09:19
also, otherwise people might catch on. Yeah,

Dan  1:09:22
I would pause it also that when you're in the middle of an ugly divorce, and one of your arguments in court is that you're playing a character and then against the wishes of your lawyer clearly you get on air and you shoot a video where you're arguing that you are not an actor. It might not be best to talk about was I acting when I fucked every girl in my school said

Jordan  1:09:47
he fucked every girl

Alex Jones  1:09:50
cheerleaders fucking punk rock girls I

Jordan  1:09:52
don't even give a shit. Anybody

Dan  1:09:54
he's like I got the cheerleaders got him out bad girls to what? What the fuck is he? So that's my favorite Alex right there.

Jordan  1:10:04
i That's

Dan  1:10:05
a great Alex

Jordan  1:10:06
Alex Jones. I got my license at 15 And that's when I started fucking everyone. There's there's your clip Media Matters right there. Alex Jones Fox,

Dan  1:10:19
Alex Jones the 15 year old sport fucker going out there to the sonic with his chest out trying to use a finger a lady at a drive in. Yeah, I

Jordan  1:10:28
want to put my hand on her thigh. What is it? Gross?

Dan  1:10:31
It's really gross. That's

Jordan  1:10:32
really gross way of putting it. Yeah, it's

Dan  1:10:34
very much so yeah, but yeah, again, that's that's unwise. Also, I'd

Jordan  1:10:38
be more comfortable with I wanted to finger blast a punk rock girl. At least that would be pretty great.

Dan  1:10:44
Oh, so much like him. Not understanding that what's at issue is not whether or not he was literally the Joker. We're also not concerned with you faking confidence in order to connect with other humans. That's not really what's at issue. No, what's at issue is whether or not you're rage filled, angry. Who can't be raised children. I

Jordan  1:11:05
do love. I do love how he's like, he correctly cites William Shakespeare. I'm glad. I'm glad I'm glad he did that otherwise, otherwise, I might think he just came up with that off the top of his dome. Yeah, maybe maybe one of the most famous phrases in the history of the world. I might have thought that Alex Jones thought that one up.

Dan  1:11:30
His audience might be as dumb as he thinks they are. It's possible. I don't think a lot of them are into the bar.

Jordan  1:11:34
I always I also like how he said that an act can be anything you want it to be, which is like any word can be any meaning you want it to have matter. This words don't mean anything.

Dan  1:11:44
This is where we keep coming back to.

Jordan  1:11:47
Yeah, I'm just a silly idiot for thinking that the actual definition of a word is how you're supposed to use that word within the context of the sentence. And that word has a fucking meaning.

Dan  1:11:58
Jordan, I've been an info warrior all along. This has been an act. Okay. I look and and I'm doing this to get

Jordan  1:12:05
chicks. I thought it was weird when you dressed up like the Joker because this is not a video podcast. So first episode.

Dan  1:12:12
That was weird. I shouldn't have done that.

Jordan  1:12:15
I just let that go. I mean, I thought you were a good guy. But maybe you're not

Dan  1:12:21
taking vaccines.

Jordan  1:12:23
And you don't me.

Dan  1:12:25
You're done with opp dress up like a joker. I don't give a shit. Yeah, whatever. You're doing your own bedroom, which we're in. And it's true.

Jordan  1:12:32
That's true.

Dan  1:12:33
So this next clip,

Jordan  1:12:35
here is the one thing from the divorce thing that I did read that I found very interesting. They said he broadcasts from his room. No, from his house. No,

Dan  1:12:45
I've seen people misrepresenting that too. He has a giant studio that he broadcasts from, but sometimes he does special reports from the home. So like this was recorded in like a study in his house. And sometimes he's in the living room. You know, it's that he'll shoot like, iPhone video stuff. So no, no, his regular show is broadcast out of a warehouse. Right? He has a giant fucking studio. Really? Yeah. So that the people will people who were like, Hey, you get mad at people living in their parents basement. You shoot your fucking show out of your home? Yeah, first of all, it's a flimsy argument. Second, it's not true. Yeah. Okay. No, no, no. So

Jordan  1:13:21
sometimes he will videotape himself in his home. Like just about everybody on YouTube.

Dan  1:13:27
Yeah, but not his show show. broadcast every day.

Jordan  1:13:31
I was I was I was really concerned about that. Because every time I seen a picture of a studio, I'm like, Fuck, he's got to ruin his house for that. She has a

Dan  1:13:40
smaller studio we broadcast out of like on Sundays. And it's possible that that one would be in a basement or something like that. It looks small enough that it could be but I don't think so. I think it's just a secondary studio in his warehouse. Now Anyway, the next couple clips are just him. Again, fucking understanding what people are actually talking about with him being a character. Is he insane? Yes. Okay.

Alex Jones  1:14:05
So when they then say I'm fake, because the national news plays me as the Joker or me. If you notice, this is like seven eight years ago now I don't do this anymore. You notice most of the videos on national TV making fun of me? You know where I'm going? Am I gonna have Hindi or I'm gay? Oh, am I the bashing gay people there I just mean like people to go oh, I'm gay. Let you know. Let me get your face and grandstand. Just like some fake Christian, let me grandstand say you're going to hell, if I don't care if you're gay or a Christian or whatever. It's like all these grandstanding people. I would

Dan  1:14:37
argue that his whole show is largely grandstanding by people being dumb and not realizing there are globalists that walk among us and want to kill us

Jordan  1:14:46
also, have we seen Have you seen anything in the mainstream news that references him dressing up like the Joker,

Dan  1:14:52
not a one. I haven't seen anything now.

Jordan  1:14:55
So why would he mischaracterized so so here's what he's doing. He I think you've just got it. He's instead of instead of engaging with what it is they are saying about him, he is then pulling back on this one instance that is so unusual. And so out of any context whatsoever, that he's creating that false equivalency there in order to make it seem like what they're saying, which is reasonable is akin to him dressing up like the Joker, would you call that drama reasonable to call that a straw? Man? I would call that a straw man. Yeah, he

Dan  1:15:29
basically is using himself as a straw man argument, kind of

Jordan  1:15:32
it's a maybe he's brilliant. What is happening? No, because

Dan  1:15:36
if he was actually doing that, or like, if he was aware of that, and more in control, he could make the argument better. The fact that it's so confusing means that he doesn't understand of course, I legitimately don't think I think from listening to this, and especially I know where it's going. Like, I legitimately think that

Jordan  1:15:52
he, he genuinely believes that's what they are talking about. That

Dan  1:15:56
sort of thing is what people are like, Oh, you're an act. No, I'm an act when I do this. Uh huh. It's

Jordan  1:16:03
this is really ill advised so so should get a better lawyer.

Dan  1:16:08
It's it's gonna it even gets worse.

Jordan  1:16:09
Either that or she should get a lawyer that's willing to put them in a Hannibal Lecter mask, it gets worse there is one

Dan  1:16:15
clip that I'm going to play

Jordan  1:16:16
then if he went on his show, he would call that an act.

Alex Jones  1:16:19
There's no when

Dan  1:16:20
there's a clip I'm going to play towards the end of this just literally titled probably going to be used and we've got that coming up.

Jordan  1:16:29
We every clip is over. Okay, nevermind. Let's keep going. I'm gonna

Alex Jones  1:16:33
take clips on say I'm anti gay, or I go gay. And then they play clip saying I'm gay. And it's just like, they're all taking it out of context. Till then I say, you know, when the Fed show up or whatever. Well, is it really true you want to punch a congressman in the nose? And I'm like, No, he pissed me off. I was angry. It was

Dan  1:16:53
my dog just died. But also the Feds showed up. Yeah, the

Jordan  1:16:57
Fed showed up. Do you think so? They're investigating him for Russian ties. But do you think you would ask him right? You'd be like, Hey, do you have Russian ties? You gotta tell us where the feds do you feel like? No. So that would be the end of it.

Dan  1:17:09
Do you think the Feds showed up about that video where he said he was gonna punch Schiff? Because I don't think there's a chance. No, I can't imagine them having the time. I imagine most federal agents are busy.

Jordan  1:17:23
I can imagine them having the time.

Dan  1:17:25
I don't know, man. There's a lot. There's a lot going on in the world.

Jordan  1:17:29
Yeah, but I don't think they're really interested in what's going on in the world anymore. They would rather I think they're more interested in

Dan  1:17:36
blockchain tech. we've

Jordan  1:17:36
woken up Alex Jones's day. That's what everybody's really doing. But based off as we know, the Feds work for the globe.

Dan  1:17:45
No, because based on his Alex's whole premise.

Jordan  1:17:49
Oh, that's right. The Patriot feds are taking over. Yeah, so which Feds showed up at his door?

Dan  1:17:53
It's probably part of the counter counter counter coup. Oh,

Jordan  1:17:56
there's so many coos going on? How can you keep track of that?

Dan  1:17:58
You can't you need a cool app. If you guys fucking programming. Get at me if you can program. We need a CU app.

Alex Jones  1:18:09
Your speech like how dare you meet me in the street? You know, for saying that? I don't I could have literally I'm not really planning to go after Adam Schiff. All his crap, but you know, they're investigating me with no evidence. Well, let me go before Congress as a Russian agent, it's all over the damn news. It pisses you off. So then I'm like, No, it's performance art. I mean, what is it when you say? I like it knock you upside the head.

Jordan  1:18:35
Threat. Yeah, that's

Alex Jones  1:18:36
that again, to my face. It isn't literally, it's like, Dude, you don't want me to accuse you of say being a child molester. And I'm not accusing him of that which you have in the past. But MSN is so deceptive, that they will cut that out of context. And probably say I said that. So you did. It isn't about Alex Jones. And that's what frustrates me the most it frustrates

Dan  1:18:55
me too. But like this part of it's like, okay, so it's it's a performance are what is it? If I say I want to attack you? Well, that's a threat.

Jordan  1:19:04
That's a literal threat. That's a threat, like a medical ruin, I go out, and I'm like, hey, I want to punch you really hard. You're not gonna say, Wow, that is really great performance site.

Dan  1:19:15
That's a great, great piece of acting. Yeah. So that would be at least a hypothetical threat. Yeah. So then he's like, dude, what would it be if I said that you were a child molester. There'll be slander. Yeah. So it'd be a crime. That's not performance art either.

Jordan  1:19:30
It would be the crime. Yeah, yeah, we're here about crime.

Dan  1:19:32
So I don't think he understands at all what anyone's talking about, or what he's even talking about in the moment.

Jordan  1:19:40
Is he is he just like a confused weird dude?

Dan  1:19:43
I think he's not Well, right now like is he just is he just a very confused

Jordan  1:19:47
man just wandering around the world not understanding that, like, every single moment of his life has been pure, abject confusion over what is reality.

Dan  1:20:01
Yes. Yeah, that's probably well, I want to I mean, you got to assume that like around six, he felt alienated because of his mother rejecting him and saying he doesn't get love anymore. But he probably started to feel these, these real confused powerless feelings. Right? And that makes the world terrifying. Yeah. So you start thinking you're more grown up than you are you start reading military history books and not really understanding them, you start to get childish ideas mixed in with some kernels of factual history. Okay, so you get this warped view of the world. You get narratives that don't exist filling in, then around the age of 12. You find this cockamamie bullshit book? None dare call it conspiracy. That's just basically nonsense repackaged anti semitism. Yeah. About the globalists. The dangers of socialism, turning into communism, and then you just didn't happen. And it was base your whole life on it. Yes, absolutely. I mean, this is so simple. It really is this simple. Next question. A lot of the rest of the stuff is just window dressing. When he gets drunk, really bummed out now,

Jordan  1:21:10
does he see pink elephants dancing? No, they can like in a Tex Avery cartoon.

Dan  1:21:16
No, that's like when he's hung over. That's what he was like, going through DTS. Go through those delirium tremens. Oh, boy. Anyway, Alex is this next clip? By the way, I think I just expressed what I would call the unified field theory about he's a confused man. Well, I think that like we have documented him saying all of these things. Yeah. Throughout the course of just four months of the show. Yeah, I think that you get a picture of someone who's had a real tough time for the last 35 years,

Jordan  1:21:46
I wish there was an actual, like, I wish there was an actual access to him where we could just like, see what his fucking day is like, well, I imagine I just want to I just want to wake up with him. Go throughout his day. And I will wear a mask so as not to yell, and then just follow them home and just like, sit new, and see what's going on there.

Dan  1:22:13
The problem is that we would never be granted that access, um, Tower, SNA, Intel, everything falls apart, then his life wouldn't be interesting. Yeah,

Jordan  1:22:22
then we could totally fucking, I'm telling you, this book we read is going to be great. It will have moved on to Michael Savage. Admittedly, in the book, you will write all the information, and then I'll have in the foot footnotes. And that'll be it. That'll be my contribution. Right. See,

Dan  1:22:37
I've got a lot of work. And I feel like I'm doing the right thing at this one. Anyway. Alex has more thoughts about how he is truthful.

Alex Jones  1:22:46
I have seen on Court TV juries and panels globally, and I've seen them ask what the lawyers are trying to pick their actual jury. I've seen the lawyers ask them on Court TV, and articles I've read. They'll say how do you know the truth? How do you know fraud and most juries say oh off their body language or off how good they look or how nice their dress it's like no, off the provable facts. Is there an unelected EU? Is there an unelected level un or the IMF World Bank and WTO under the TPP, openly setting up world corporate government with $100 trillion taxes every decade? I hate to them? Absolutely. To George Soros go on C span and admit he overthrew Ukraine with $5 Billion US taxpayer money. No. elected government. Yes. Did he admit he funded the Arab Spring and the Islamic takeover? Absolutely. It's just search when I said yes, because I should you're in empowering you. I'm the opposite. I'm anti fake news.

Dan  1:23:45
He's the anti fake news after listing

Jordan  1:23:48
a long string of things that are not even remotely true.

Dan  1:23:51
Now, George Soros did have some hand in funding groups. But he didn't fund the Arab Spring. So create the Arab Spring funded

Jordan  1:24:01
the group's global humanitarian

Dan  1:24:02
aid to Ukraine. No. Oh, no.

Jordan  1:24:07
How about the Arab Spring? Did he?

Dan  1:24:09
Did he find that? No, not all of it.

Jordan  1:24:11
So we're, we're those like people, those are people Yeah. So they were kind of like mad at the authoritarian governments that they were part of and they were like, Nah, I can't do this and

Dan  1:24:20
some and some of those groups may have gotten some money from George Soros because like I said, he's a global he's a global philanthropist.

Jordan  1:24:28
It's not like George Soros call them up putting bring like hey, this is George Soros Bell you now Yeah, I don't know why I'm using that voice but now Yeah, inaccurate Yeah, no, I prefer the Rockefeller voice for George Soros from now on

Dan  1:24:44
very Hungarian. But like yeah, all that shit all that shit is wack. All that stuff is bullshit. The the the EU is unelected. All this

Jordan  1:24:56
all this 100 trillion dollars tax are still

Dan  1:24:59
like ours. Secretary of State is unelected, then Hurray. Yeah, like if you really want to

Jordan  1:25:04
construe if you want to get it, I never considered that. I think we should vote for Secretary of State,

Dan  1:25:10
right? I mean, not every position.

Jordan  1:25:12
Do you know what's crazy? If we did that we would actually have a functioning Secretary of goddamn state. And maybe we'll be fucking filled with people who do their goddamn job might

Dan  1:25:22
be deputies. But like, if you want to take a step back and not just use the examples that he listed, right, there's litanies of lies. And there's plenty of Yeah, come on. We have plenty on our website knowledge fight.com, where we've documented the lies.

Jordan  1:25:39
Nice blog. Yeah. 30% off on visits to knowledge by.com this? Because it's Easter, it's 100% 100% off. Jesus, this deal has never been played before. You could go to our website for free for free. Yeah, totally. We're not even charging like 20 cents for that. Spoiler

Dan  1:25:55
alert. It's no longer Easter. So in this next clip, Alex is kind of right about something but he uses this brightness wrong. He explains that the things that the media is doing right now, the joke is on you, the people who are listening, and he is kind of right. I always knew the joke would be on me. Well, all of the all of the like out of context clips that people post about him. It is kind of a psyop against the people watching it, because they do give the wrong impression of Alex. But again, as we keep coming back to it's a better picture. Yeah, the him as a joke is a better picture than the reality of Yeah, a completely damaged man lashing out at the world through his audience

Jordan  1:26:36
with an inexplicable number of damaged people listening. Yeah. So anyway, here we go.

Alex Jones  1:26:45
And they revelant because they always say in talk radio, be strong, because I never apologize. That's not who I am. When we get something wrong, sometimes every few months, I'm sure it happens more when we catch something. I come and I say Hey, I was wrong about that.

Dan  1:26:59
That's you apologize about pizza gate because he got a letter from James Allah Fontas. And he didn't really even apologize about that. He still has not addressed the fact that that mosque shooter was a white dude, and he still has been peddling horrible lies about George Soros. Being a Nazi collaborator,

Jordan  1:27:20
even his Sandy Hook stance is now I'm just asking questions. There are a lot of questions to ask Sarah a lot of questions to ask. Yeah. Our guns bad.

Dan  1:27:30
They still says that Hillary Clinton sold 20% of our uranium to the Russians not true. He owes an apology on that. He owes so many apologies and he never correct himself. It's

Jordan  1:27:41
he's he's called a lot of people pedophiles, a lot of

Dan  1:27:45
them. Call them Dracula's to be fair, that's true. It's code. But he Yeah, he calls Yeah. And Ren fields? Yeah, he's made a lot of borderline slanderous claims about people and he's never really apologized.

Alex Jones  1:27:57
And they take that as a weakness. And then run around and say Jones admits he's fake. He admits he's fake, folks. That's a psyop on you. Quite frankly, I become such a logo or icon for resistance that their attacks on me only make Infowars better. This is a big ascension that's happening right now. And I'm very humble about it. I'm on a power trip. I want to see humanity succeed. I'm very humble about the planet itself. But they want to wreck your mind where you don't believe there's anybody good in the world. So you don't have hope. But you know, you're good. You know, you have hope all the policies all the culture everything I promote human dignity and freedom not having cross human animal hybrids that the media makes jokes about but are all admitted not having babies with six parents or whatever. It was dangerous crap. Fundamentally who I am that's fundamentally on my soul that I stand for but you already know that we're changing the world we're in this together of course I believe what I say

Dan  1:29:05
that's gonna be a problem

Jordan  1:29:07
I stand against Chimera cuz that's gonna be a problem. I I swear to God, I bet he could win a governorship on on fucking just no chimera is

Dan  1:29:19
but you get the catch at the end of that. Of course, I of course. I mean, what I said is,

Jordan  1:29:25
yes, that's gonna

Dan  1:29:26
be a problem. That's gonna be a problem.

Jordan  1:29:32
Stands again. Did you notice human animal hybrids with which they turn into a joke, but it's all admitted. What are you fucking talking about? It's

Dan  1:29:40
not admitted, but also like, I love that. That's like the second thing he comes up with after freedom.

Jordan  1:29:47
Freedom, no human animal hybrids. I don't understand. Those are the two most pressing issues in my

Dan  1:29:54
mind. I've read all the articles that he has cited about Chimera and they don't say what he says they say

Jordan  1:30:00
Did you watch Full Metal Alchemist though?

Dan  1:30:02
I didn't see there you go. Okay, well, that's admitted. Well, my research is flawed admitted

Jordan  1:30:06
that in Japan. Alchemists can create cameras, okay, that's just a fact fine. Human transmutation is bad though. Just Just as a heads up for anybody. Don't transmit humans. In this

Dan  1:30:20
next clip, Alex wrestles even further with the idea of what it means to play a role. And again, like I said, I didn't cut out anything in between these clips. So they seem really disjointed. Because they are, the entire video is available. I think it'll be taken down at some point. I would hope so. But it's super disjointed. Like he's just he's not making sense. So that's why none of this makes sense. Yeah, this is all in chronological order with nothing cut out. This is This is wild.

Alex Jones  1:30:49
Of course, I believe what I say, unless they go clip. Devil's Advocate things out where I interviewed myself as the head of Goldman Sachs, and I'm wearing a top hat. And I'm saying really evil crap. As I interview myself as devil's advocate, and I say, No, that's acting. That's the skit to illustrate that nobody asked Alec Baldwin, when he goes and does his sketch, if you know exactly who you are, of course, he has, politically who he is and what he does. But when he does a skit, you know, it's a skit. So that I sit there like you're an adult and important, and I think some of the public a lot of us just want to be victims. I just wanna go, Oh, my God, he says he's fake now. I mean, what am I gonna do not that Google just got caught, because they don't want to get sued with contractors saying the list as in huge contracts. They just admitted that was true. And they just said it was an accident, because they saw my video where I laid out everything. Nope.

Dan  1:31:48
That didn't. And you're lying, evidently didn't know. That's just a perfect example of him being completely fake news. Yeah, but then more importantly, because that's not even all that interesting. What is fascinating is this idea of him comparing himself to Alec Baldwin, who's an actor, you know, like, Yes, everyone knows when Alec Baldwin is talking about it taking brass ball.

Jordan  1:32:09
Well, as we all know, all the world is a stage. So perhaps, we are truly all actors. Did you consider that? I am freezin? Is that even your real name? Mr. freezin? I think that's how will I know so dumb? It is so dumb, so pointless. How does he not understand? How does he not understand the difference? I don't know. possible not to understand the difference between an actor acting right him saying that kind of pedophile ring under a pizza shop?

Dan  1:32:52
Well, I mean, let's even take that away, because he's apologized for that. Now. Just say that there's a let's say that the entire government works off pedophile blackmail? Yes. Yeah. So now is that as your example instead of

Jordan  1:33:06
if you if you are going to if you're going to if you're going to entertain this argument, right now, here is his through line that he should use. So if you're

Dan  1:33:18
listening, AJ, I got you. I got your back. Right, because I like his workshopping

Jordan  1:33:23
now, according to his own words, right? He's exaggerating and acting to show what he's against. Right? So if you're going to call him describing everybody in the government working off a pedophile blackmail ring, and act, then maybe you can say that he's just exaggerating it the same way that he played devil's advocate for as the Joker, whatever the fuck he's doing, why did he dress up as the Joker? Anyways? If he's going to do that, then that's his argument there. That he is amplifying it beyond what is a reasonable concept in order to demonstrate what he feels is the true evil beneath it. You know, like like your your, your your No, like your comic book villain, okay. Your comic book villain is an amplified version of whatever negative trade it is that you want that you want to describe. You know, you have your your you have your Lex Luthor, who is just an amplified billionaire who just takes things over, which is all Bruce Wayne is anyways, so anyways, so you have your Amplified Version describing what it is that you're actually against. So Hillary Clinton herself is a vampire squid in the same way that Matt Taibbi described it way back when regarding Goldman Goldman Sachs, right. Do you Do you see how that is? While not a good argument? One that you could skate by on? No, you don't think so?

Dan  1:34:58
Not really. Okay, so, no, because Alex Jones playing the role of the villain or whatever, yes. him yelling about the like, the globalists use children as like, she's as couriers,

Jordan  1:35:15
there's really I retract anything that I just said, because I just heard yet again, you say, the globalists use children as currency. Right. But him there's no there's nothing to say against that.

Dan  1:35:28
But if he's if he's doing his Joker thing where, you know, like he's out there saying everyone should get vaccinated in order to make the point don't get vaccinated.

Jordan  1:35:37
Wait, that's what he was doing?

Dan  1:35:38
Yeah, that's what he was doing. You didn't get that. That's why he thinks it's satire.

Jordan  1:35:44
Because he dressed up as the Joker. Yes.

Dan  1:35:49
And did exactly the opposite of what his point was. So if he's doing that, in the instance of the like, pedophile sex rings and stuff like that, he is so if he dressed up as No, no, no, I'm saying that if this is the parody, yeah. And the point he's actually trying to make is that people in the government don't do this stuff. Uh, huh. People in the government are pretty cool. Perhaps. Maybe he's trying to do a reductio ad absurdum argument. Yes, he's not.

Jordan  1:36:15
No. But this is a bummer. Wouldn't it be nice?

Dan  1:36:19
Wouldn't it be nice if Lex wasn't so fucking crazy?

Jordan  1:36:27
And you said you weren't good at improv? That is That is some Whose Line is it? Anyways, level improv,

Dan  1:36:33
um, the Wayne Brady of this bit.

Jordan  1:36:36
So a sentence no one has ever said before.

Dan  1:36:40
I'm going to skip this next clip because it's just about how he was right about Syria. And that's pointless. And this next, okay, so this next clip? Yes. This is really where I think I would like us to really absorb this clip, because I think it's, it's, I think it's Alex wrestling with the fact that his audience is stupid. And he doesn't know how to do it. He doesn't know how to say I can't believe you guys. Are this dumb? Yeah. And it's, it's, there's a lot going on here.

Alex Jones  1:37:11
Yes. They know, we're huge. They want to convince you that we're small, so you feel small, and you feel like you got conned and taken into something. So I'm on air, you know, three, four or five hours a day, depending on the day. Totally, you know, just being real. Like, hey, when I talk about subjects, it's totally real. chimera is what I'm getting into this article, that article, but sometimes if I go here, let me act like I'm a Rothschild. Clearly I'm in a British accent, and I'm being sarcastic. Reading Lord Rothschild quotes on air. I'm not agreeing with Lord Rothschild. But what's crazy is, I've almost killed all this Hetzer. And I don't really think it's the right thing to do or not because maybe it's powerful, or they don't want to. Because people will sit there and say, Why is he wearing a wig? Say he's a British professor? Doesn't he know this is fake news. What a satire. It's like, people don't know that. So I go, Hey, I being an actor. There they go, Oh, my God, you're fake. You don't meet and it's just like, No, no, no, I have a syndicated radio show as a pundit and analyst when I'm when I'm the regular Alex Jones. That's real. I'm a libertarian. I'm a patriot. I don't even know how the public doesn't even understand this. It actually really depresses me that I'm so because when I believe talking about what I believe, then the news says look at him and a joker outfit saying he wants all kids to have 100 vaccines. And I go I'm being sarcastic. We'll go. Oh, man, why don't you get fake on us? We'll see. They're not even stupid. They want to act like they've been wronged and betrayed they would ever even listeners to begin with.

Dan  1:38:54
That's very weird. It's very weird. What I think is I what?

Jordan  1:39:01
Okay, okay. All right. All right. All right. What he just said. What did he just say? Let's try. So okay, so we start with, we start with a I love I love your Foley work is truly inspiring. Right? Okay. The New York Times. He's killed satire. How do you kill satire? How do you kill satire?

Dan  1:39:32
I think he's saying he's killed it with the satire.

Jordan  1:39:34
He's, he's killed it with the satire? No, I think he I think he's saying

Dan  1:39:38
no, because he's making the argument that like, people attack it so much that they must be threatened by it. He did say

Jordan  1:39:46
that. Here's my pitch. Okay. What he meant was he can no longer do satire because he has done it. So well. I think that might be I think that might be But we go, okay. So New York Times, videos, all of it. They don't understand the dresses

Dan  1:40:06
up in a wig. And they don't get that and they're like, Hey, man, why are you doing that? Right? But they don't understand it. He's like, come on. It's satire. Don't you get it? Don't you get it? When I'm not being satire on me. I'm Alex Jones and also libertarian

Jordan  1:40:19
also. How is he being sir? You can't be sarcastic. At the same, okay, this is all right. This isn't Saturday. here's the here's the last. Here's the thing that got to me. All right. He just said the listeners weren't actually Alex Jones listeners. They were just listening, waiting for the moment that they could jump off. Because that was their whole goal. In the beginning.

Dan  1:40:51
They weren't stupid. They weren't listeners to begin. Yeah. Super weird.

Jordan  1:40:56
That's some classic cult leader behavior right there. They weren't really fans. Anybody who leaves is a suppressive person who doesn't really who doesn't really care about the movement at all. They didn't get it. There's they're not patriots, or globalist. They're secret non patriots. Yeah. Or they're uninformed. They're the uninformed warriors.

Dan  1:41:16
That's really what our show should have been called

Jordan  1:41:18
on. Infowars. Oh, that actually would have been pretty good.

Dan  1:41:21
So this this next clip, this this next clips or

Jordan  1:41:25
anything he doesn't know. I think he doesn't know. I think he doesn't think anyone knows what

Dan  1:41:30
he's taught because they don't He's crazy. He's crazy person.

Jordan  1:41:33
I don't think nobody knows what he's talking except people with his exact same

Dan  1:41:37
kind of schizophrenia. And that really dumb people think he's smart. But it's actually not smart. It's scattered, disjointed thinking that appears kind of deep. It's not. But it's like, if he lies about secret sources that he has, why wouldn't dumb people believe him? That is a good point. All of the verifiable sources that he's ever cited have not said what he says they say, but I don't know about his secret sources.

Jordan  1:42:04
Model. No, I did not consider his secret sources. Yeah, but

Dan  1:42:08
you gotta be dumb to fucking believe an asshole like him. And he has secret

Jordan  1:42:11
sources fucking everywhere high level in. I didn't know he had high level sources in Google.

Dan  1:42:18
Not even a new one. Not even in Google in the vendor company who Google subcontract. Yes,

Jordan  1:42:24
yeah. He's got a network of spies in every institution in the entire United States. Yeah,

Dan  1:42:30
yeah. It's a complicated web.

Jordan  1:42:34
Oh, what a tangled web we weave Shakespeare. Dammit, you got their first you sort of event. Next clip? Will Shakespeare said that? I don't know if you will. I know you said Shakespeare but I just wanted to make sure that our listeners heard that it was William Shakespeare. That's important. Now, obviously I know him as Bill. Yeah, I prefer to call them William Shakespeare. There's because I'm nasty. I don't know. I don't know where I got that.

Dan  1:43:01
But this next clip is Janet Jackson Alex Jones doing Willie Shakespeare level versions of drama, explaining that he's a victim.

Alex Jones  1:43:12
Now. I'm not wanting to act like a wimp. But they've they Oh, that's true. Attack Google's ad is banned off advertising. They got reporters following on everywhere. disinfo crew operatives just scum of the earth. Just total inversion of reality total lies just absolute whatever you read they say flip it you've got it. I mean, I mean literally I can't get into it later it'll add them out but it's good she gets back popular. I mean, they are so scared as they upload skip it that they have just fully embraced the lie that it is it is beautiful. And it's destructiveness to them Jones it show you full attacks on US right now because because they know that this guy because we've touched you, you've touched us you are the power so spread the links infowars.com The site's not even a beautiful site. It's got great routers we're updating the videos the articles why are they so scared up? See think about why do they attack this? Why are they so against it?

Dan  1:44:10
I can speak to that, can you everyone's right thinking people are super against it because you lie all the fucking time you're a bigot. Yeah, you are. Cancerous forced to dialog pretty bad. Yeah, so that's why it has nothing to do with you being right to real to write has nothing to do with misunderstanding your sarcasm or your satire. I get it every time I've seen you do something wacky. I get it. And to our credit 100% We even said like even with that shift clip, he's drunk and he's an asshole but there was no part of us that was like us wants to actually beat up Schiff Yeah, we defended it we're like this isn't the legal This isn't like this isn't his free speech.

Jordan  1:44:57
Did you Did you read the cluster men book But what if we're wrong? No. The so in it. He goes through all of these different circumstances in the past where everybody agreed. This is not true. And then it was later proven to be true. All right. Now, I occasionally have that moment with Alex Jones. It's a natural. It is it is one of the one of the things that I constantly like, have to stop myself and just go. Yeah, but what if he's right,

Dan  1:45:29
yeah, I have that moment until I research anything he talks about? Yeah, no, he's an insane person. Yeah. And then I'm like, okay,

Jordan  1:45:36
all right. But but sometimes, sometimes there's a part of me that's like, God. And here's the worst part. Sometimes I wish he was right. We'd like the world would be more interesting how much more fun with the night evil and horrific and miserable?

Dan  1:45:52
Well, but life would be so much more simple if we did have some sort of, you know, arch global evil group that we legitimately had to fight against. Yeah. Because in that, in that reality, and we're all Captain Planet, everyone could come together much easily, much more easily than we can now. Life would be so much less messy.

Jordan  1:46:14
And it would be a lot more like the movie Independence Day, which is something I've always wished for.

Dan  1:46:19
Sure. I mean, Alex says, I believe in the past also said that the government is likely to get a fake alien attack in order to unite the people, globalists scam. How fun would that be? Anyway, that last clip, in his victim, self victim status, claiming Yes, in there, he said, you know, basically, all these lies are going to come out, I can't talk about it. But it's all lies, and you're all gonna see,

Jordan  1:46:48
which is the beginning literally can't talk about it. It's against the law. You shouldn't even say that. You shouldn't be in contempt of court for talking about

Dan  1:46:55
it. That yeah, is bad. Yeah. Now this next clip is way worse. This next clip is like this. If his lawyer isn't screaming at him about this, that's a bad lawyer.

Alex Jones  1:47:11
And I got the whole system coming after me, come out of my family, and it's just all a blessing. I'm trying to take everything away from me, I got him hit me on every front, financially, culturally, family, you name it. And you know what's great, though, I'm just going up against it. No matter what happens, I'm just sure why people up. And all these other doors are opening just like the documents on Google, and more. It's like everything you hit us with. There's not just evil in the universe, folks. And that's why the enemy so scared. They know genuineness when I say it. And I'm genuine. I have to tell you, I'm ashamed of some of the things of my laziness and things I don't do enough sometimes, but I'm totally real. I want you to have a future. And I see apathetic, dumbed down the public is now sick the public has out of this attack, and I get sad, because I realized I'm a shadow of my ancestors as well. And I'm just, I want you to win. I want you to win, and I love you. And I appreciate you and I'm 100% real when I say what I do, they just take out of context. When I do satire joke rounds, I gotta say no, no, that satire that was a low performance piece, you know, where I dress up as a spy, and I'm spying on people a coffee shop. There's all those videos. They take those now. They show college kids think Alicia's fake nose. Look, he's he says this. And now he says that there's no context.

Dan  1:48:23
He twice in there said that. I am 100% genuine. I am sincere. He mentioned his family twice in that clip. Yeah, he's talking about his troubles. He's clearly talking about this court case. Yep. He again, hammered in. I'm very serious about everything, except for these times that I play characters. Yeah. And that's going to be a real problem. That's

Jordan  1:48:47
not a good idea. It's not good. He should really take this down.

Dan  1:48:51
Well, it's gonna be on our podcast. Now. It's a

Jordan  1:48:52
good thing that we're going to be available to testify. Yeah. So

Dan  1:48:58
that the end of that clip talked about how they teach college courses about like fake news using his, you know, his stuff.

Jordan  1:49:06
Yeah, I should. That'd be a good idea.

Dan  1:49:08
Absolutely. But then we should all

Jordan  1:49:10
learn more about fake news. That transition Oh, can you learn more about fake news

Dan  1:49:15
knowledge by TOCOM? I think that's a good place to go. So this, this is our final clip coming up here. And that weaves in from that last clip. And then it is very insulting to people who disagree with him. He says some really funny things. And then at the end, I think he gets into an existential crisis about whether or not he is in fact real. So this whole time,

Jordan  1:49:42
oh, man. He doesn't believe he's real. Well, this whole time he has been going on and on believes he's a hologram.

Dan  1:49:49
No, it's not so much that you'll see. You'll see. All right.

Alex Jones  1:49:52
They take those now. They show college kids like Alicia's fake nose. Look, he's he says this and now. There's no context because the public so brain damaged and we those of us that aren't brain damage can't be on a power trip and join the Elite. We have to go oh my god the public so brain damage. They were put in cribs and ever held they weren't breastfed like they're real just little babies real scared. This associate they're looking for a mommy they're looking for daddy. Like you don't want to be their mommy or daddy, we want to build them up and help them infowars.com forward slash show. And I want to thank all the leaders that helped expose Google censoring us but if we just accept their official story that oh, it was an accident. We're gonna stop now. They've admitted they're doing it. They just don't want any resistance building to it. So too late Google fill your handle have a federal investigation saying hey, leech, doesn't mean I'm being fake. It means give us your full attack. Let's go politically, because you're not physically face. Isn't everything but it's okay. You understand? infowars.com Ford slash shows by that link.

Dan  1:50:52
That would fill your hand. I think we got it. I think we gotta play like just the end of that because it starts with the fill your hand.

Alex Jones  1:51:01
Yeah, fill your hand a lot of federal investigation saying I mean, pull a gun that the fingers beach doesn't mean I'm being fake. It means give us your full attack. Let's go. Politically, this, you're not physically going to misrepresent everything, but it's okay. You understand? infowars.com Ford slash shows for that link.

Dan  1:51:17
He does not know what he's saying. No, he is all over the map. That was just 10 seconds. He's saying fill your hand. Yeah, and I gotta be clear. I'm not talking about a gun. Talking about metaphors. Allegedly. I've been taught. Phil, give

Jordan  1:51:33
us your ball attack. Politically, physically? Not physically. He says political right peacefully. Give us your full peaceful attack. You guys get it? Don't don't feel your hair. Calm slash show. Fill your hand turn off the god. Fill your hand.com/info or slash show.

Dan  1:51:50
We gotta get Phil your hand.com all my god.

Jordan  1:51:54
Ah, your hand.com links directly to knowledge. Right,

Dan  1:51:58
Jordan? I gotta be honest, this has been one of the most arduous episodes we've done. I don't know why. But you somewhere in the middle. I lost it. I lost.

Jordan  1:52:11
I know, you you cut out like probably at least four or five clips didn't like three, I lost my interest. Never cut off three clips before

Dan  1:52:20
I'm so bored by this.

Jordan  1:52:24
Not not the again, great sales pitch. Well, not like the

Dan  1:52:27
I'm fascinated by his version of what is real. That sort of thing. Yeah, that's a philosophical argument that we could have for years. Like exactly what is the nature

Jordan  1:52:39
of yeah, we're not even gonna play clips anymore. We're just gonna constantly discuss whether or not

Dan  1:52:45
we'll go to legality is real good, like University of Chicago professors to come in

Jordan  1:52:49
and discuss now fuck those guys fake news. But like that, to me

Dan  1:52:53
is endlessly fascinating. This idea of people are attacking me, I'm misrepresenting what they're attacking me about and twisting it into something else. That's fun. The Google narrative on its own is fairly fun. But the two of them mixed together. When we know that what's underneath so much of it is this divorce. It just isn't fun. For me.

Jordan  1:53:17
This is the central question. Does he actually believe that what they are attacking him on? Is that clip of him dressing up as the Joker? No. Does he truly believe that? No, can't? Right.

Dan  1:53:33
I think that I think he has a bad lawyer maybe.

Jordan  1:53:37
Or he actually has five lawyers or he might not have she has three lawyers.

Dan  1:53:41
He might not have listened to legal advice, then because I think that impossible. I think that his lawyers know what's best for him. And they use this argument of its performance art as a way to do like,

Jordan  1:53:52
it's not true. He's not a performance artist. But if they are going to bring in Infowars into a custody battle and a divorce trial.

Dan  1:54:02
That's your angle. It's the only way to use the outburst. Perfect angle and it's a very smart one. Right? But it doesn't play to his insecurities is fucking lunatic but no, for Alex to his audience, it doesn't play No. Mind. He knows he has to defend himself against Yeah. And he. Again, I don't think he could have listened to his lawyer's advice, but and it has he thinks he has to play both sides of it. Yeah,

Jordan  1:54:29
it's a very thin line that he's trying to walk between. I am a performance artist when I do stuff you don't like and I am a serious person when I do stuff you do like

Dan  1:54:39
now that's what he's saying to the court? Yes. But he's saying to his audience, that he will perform every performance artist

Jordan  1:54:46
unless he's dressing up as the Joker.

Dan  1:54:49
Yes. Gotcha. And then the rest of the time. I'm Alex Jones. Good old classical liberal slash libertarian. God. So yeah, fuckin lunatic. That's what that's more interesting. That's way more interesting to me than even his bullshit. Because yeah, like that bullshit argument is not that's just like I don't want to poke holes in that I hope he succeeds. All right, well, that's weird. I don't want his kids being taken away from him.

Jordan  1:55:17
No, I don't believe they're not vaccinated will look

Dan  1:55:20
fine. But they don't i That's bad. But that's not my choice to make. You know, I think no, I think it's wrong. But it's not my choice. Right. I don't have any evidence. And if there were evidence that he was abusive, I don't think he should have his kids. Absolutely not. But there isn't any evidence of that really.

Jordan  1:55:38
Not that we're aware.

Dan  1:55:40
I don't know that his son doesn't want to moonlight at Infowars over the summer. I don't know that that's not the case. Right? When I was 1314, I would go to my dad's office and hang out with him at the university. So like, I don't, I don't know that his son is any different. And doesn't want to just go hang out at the Infowars office.

Jordan  1:56:01
I mean, yeah, that makes that makes perfect sense at that. I'm sure you're doing your dad thing. And you you want to make them Yeah,

Dan  1:56:08
on the one hand, it could look like indoctrination. But on the other hand, it could just be completely innocent. Look,

Jordan  1:56:15
if you're gonna make the indoctrination argument, fucking, if your parents are Christian, they should be, you know,

Dan  1:56:21
right. Get it? Get them out. Yeah, there's a long there's a long road to go down. Yeah, exactly. So I don't want it. I don't necessarily want his kids to be taken away from him. And if the argument that needs to be made in order for him to keep his kids is that he's a performance artist, then by all means, go for it. Because realistically, that is what he's doing.

Jordan  1:56:41
But you are saying you are kind of saying that it is alright for him to lie to keep his kids

Dan  1:56:47
Yes.

Jordan  1:56:52
Open Court, it is alright to lie. Well, because it's not really

Dan  1:56:56
a lie. It's a murky, all right. It's a murky area of perception, right? Because the real talk, he is a performance artist in as much as he's a propagandist. Okay, he is not really necessarily, but then all the things that he presents, then the

Jordan  1:57:14
argument has to come down to intent. And that, and that, again, is our central conversation that we always go back and forth on inexplicably, is whether or not he intends to do these things, or not. So if he is a performance artist than he is intending to be this insane, in order to dupe people, if he is a propagandist, he is intending to do people with this information. But if he's a believer, then what does that mean?

Dan  1:57:52
Well, I mean, there there are people who sell junk products. Yeah, in the world outside of Infowars. I can Fox News. Infowars. Yeah. But like there are people whose entire existence is about selling a shitty product. Yeah. Like, I don't think they should have their kids taken away just because they trick people into buying things they don't need. That's true. So if at the end of the day, his although,

Jordan  1:58:13
imagine if Donald Trump's dad had had Donald Trump taken away from him. What,

Dan  1:58:21
what a better world? Well, I mean, maybe maybe the world we live in is an inevitability and some other rich kid would have ended up being president.

Jordan  1:58:28
That is a good point. But be that as it may, that's, er, in the darkest timeline,

Dan  1:58:31
that's irrelevant. That's irrelevant. Yes. I don't think necessarily. I don't know. It's, it's it's so confusing. But like, legitimately, I believe that he is a real person, and at the same time he is putting on an act. So both arguments are kind of true. Yeah. The idea that he's saying this in court in order to not have his kids taken away, makes total sense to me, and I'm not against it. At the same time, him coming on the air and saying, I am real. This is me. It is contradictory to what he's saying in court just on its face.

Jordan  1:59:06
Time it is not contradictory, because he is in his capacity as a performance artist. Exactly. So as a performance artist, you would absolutely say that while you were performing, but you would never say that in your real life. Possibly there is no untangling that performance artists web. Just like your Gordian knot of a microphone cord. Yeah,

Dan  1:59:29
absolutely. It's a whole mess. And what's more important to me, I think, is love. No. Fair enough. I don't know what point I want to make here. I really don't

Jordan  1:59:47
i i worry, not worry. I am comforted by the fact that Alex Jones is inscrutable on until we can actually spend months upon months talking to Alex Jones in a personal setting. Sure. His real life?

Dan  2:00:08
Well, one day there'll be like, we'll do the jinx style series. Yeah, we have to. Yeah, absolutely.

Jordan  2:00:14
Yeah. And we should talk to his wife and everything. Like we should talk to everybody involved with Alex Jones his life because he is such an endlessly fascinating, evil monster.

Dan  2:00:24
He is like, like, he's,

Jordan  2:00:25
he's our version of a true crime novel, where you you go back through fucking, you know, any serial killers life and go back through step by step how all of this crime wound up happening, where this guy comes from, what kind of and there's always that element in a serial killers life where you look at their childhood, and you go, Oh, yeah, there's, there's always that point, like, to me, Alex Jones, is a serial killer, that is, is expressing his serial killing in a different way. So he's a very fascinating figure that is both somehow empathetic, and monstrous, to a degree where you you think, How can this happen to a human being? And at the same time, this human being should not be allowed to be anywhere near other human beings? Right, because they're a monster. Like, it's so it's so weird to see the push pole of what is wrong with this man.

Dan  2:01:26
And a part of me that is like, maybe the most cynical part of me wonders if he drops in those little pieces about his his tragic life, and doesn't present them as tragic in order to make people like us. Take an empathic

Jordan  2:01:42
Oh, that is too cynical for me. I'm the most cynical that would be that is that is one. Here's my problem. But you know what,

Dan  2:01:50
that would be a great performance art, it would be a great performance.

Jordan  2:01:53
It would be it would be Kafka's The hunger artists. Yeah. But go ahead. I'm not I'm not going to deny that based on my cynicism. I'm going to deny that based on the genius level of talent, it would require to drop in those at certain intervals for such a short period of time, and in such a genuine way

Dan  2:02:15
and make it seem like you're struggling. Yeah, that story

Jordan  2:02:18
of his mom kicking them off her knee. That's true. Yeah, that's true, regardless of whether or not that ever happened to him. That is a formative moment in his

Dan  2:02:28
life. Yeah, yeah, it is. I think maybe the Rosetta Stone like we said it it kind of unlocks. Yeah. But at the end of the day, as we wind this down, the the stuff that's going on with his divorce is, is tragic. for all parties involved, especially the kids,

Jordan  2:02:49
nothing worse than a divorce battle.

Dan  2:02:51
We should not,

Jordan  2:02:52
don't get married, vaccinate your kids don't get mad. Also, like,

Dan  2:02:57
let's let's try as a society to resist the urge to mock about this stuff. mock him for what he deserves to be mocked for. We in this episode have mocked him about his lies that have come straight out of his mouth. We've mocked him about him not understanding satire. And we've mocked him for saying things that are going to end up in court and correctly quoting wills bake Wilshere? Well, Shakespeare, yeah. So those things are great. They're fun. They're fun, but

Jordan  2:03:33
it really kind of to me, it does. It also makes him a more empathetic figure. The divorce. Yeah. Man's just trying to keep his kids. Yeah. And his wife has been denied custody multiple times, which suggests there's something else going on

Dan  2:03:50
there. Just there might be a reason. But again, there's a I don't know, there's a whole mess

Jordan  2:03:54
that we can only speculate on. And that no, we can't know that well, right. I meant as a as a as a culture. Yeah, your mind reels, but yeah, exactly. And to me, like the first thing I the first thing that I felt whenever I read about his his custody battle was not Oh, he calls himself a performance artist. It's based on all the stuff that we've talked about, and all the stuff that that we've heard. He might be a good dad. And I felt for him. I was like, maybe, maybe he is a good dad. You know, it's

Dan  2:04:34
fascinating that we do a podcast about him being a propagandist, and we hate him. But at the same time, everybody else who heard this news couldn't wait to tee off and make fun of him about stuff. Yeah. And our immediate response. Was you thinking he's possibly a good dad. And me. Well, I mean, obviously my first thought was these poor kids. Yeah, like this is drawn out for years. This is

Jordan  2:04:58
no I agree. No. I mean, I don't want to write I mean, I hate children. So I don't I don't give a shit. And my,

Dan  2:05:07
my immediate thought was I wasn't joy. No, it wasn't like, I can't wait to make fun of this.

Jordan  2:05:16
No, this is bad. It does not make me feel good. Like,

Dan  2:05:21
I've gotten more messages about this. Oh, anything that's ever happened? Oh, absolutely. I was just getting divorced. What do you think about this? Yeah, I don't that's not bummed

Jordan  2:05:31
out. That's what I feel about it and feel bummed out?

Dan  2:05:34
Well, there's no real possible winners either. No, like, no matter who wins this court case that doesn't like Alex Jones still has to be Alex Jones for the rest of his life. He's, he's never gonna get help no matter what

Jordan  2:05:47
happened. Now. Here's, here's the better speculation for you. And I all right. All right. If this is what takes him down, is that a net positive? Like, is it does it do I mean, well, ultimately, this is the Do the ends justify the means? I mean, your

Dan  2:06:08
your argument is based on like, a false presumption because it won't random take him down. This has nothing. I mean,

Jordan  2:06:15
you know, take his money away, take all of his stuff away, take his kids away, breaks him as

Unknown Speaker  2:06:19
a man. It won't. It won't.

Jordan  2:06:22
I'm that's not our speculation.

Dan  2:06:25
I know. But no. I don't think look, I mean, I guess what it comes down to his No, the ends wouldn't justify the means.

Jordan  2:06:35
He shouldn't be taken down for being a propagandist. Yeah, monster, a bigot, someone who has incited violence who has caused damage to hundreds, if not, more lives. And that's not what this fat is. But he shouldn't be taken down for not the fact that in his trial, he's trying to defend himself by calling himself a performance artist. Right?

Dan  2:06:58
There are tons of Nazis who are good parents. That's true. There are tons of people who are completely evil people who love their kids and works capable parents and are granted they raise them in systems that lead them to possibly also be Nazis. I mean, Christians again, sure. So I mean, that's not it's just, I hate the idea of a custody battle being played out publicly, first of all, and then second of all, it being used as some sort of punitive thing. Yeah. Like, I would hate the idea of society treating it like, oh, Alex, all this shit you've done on the air. Here's your punishment. You don't get your kids. That is a bummer. That's horrible. And I think a lot of people feel that way than that to me. Like as much as I hate Alex, I hate that standpoint, way more. Because that.

Jordan  2:07:52
Here's here's the weirdest thing as well, not the weird. This is the most novelistic thing. Nobody hates Alex Jones more than we do for more accurate reasons. At the same time, right now, it feels like we're the only people who empathize with him, because I don't think his listeners are empathizing with that. I think they're saying that it's a conspiracy against him.

Dan  2:08:18
Generally, that's the

Jordan  2:08:20
game maybe the only people like us.

Dan  2:08:25
I mean, I think on one level, we might be the only people who care about him

Jordan  2:08:33
that we want to see you get the fucking death penalty for the right reasons. Now, that was a metaphorical speech, not telling him to fill his hand.

Dan  2:08:43
Listen, I'm in a weird place as a whole. But like, Yeah, I think that there's a decent chance that we're the only people who have a robust, fair perspective on him. Anyway, sorry. Sorry, we didn't talk about fun, divorce shit, but you can go find that at every other website.

Jordan  2:09:05
Yeah, you didn't come to us for the same shit other people have. So to

Dan  2:09:09
sum it up, this video will probably be taken down from the internet at some point. If anyone has a good lawyer if anyone smart. I think Alex might be off the air for the next few days. I would assume that his lawyers would be like good luck and Paul Joseph Watson and I would hope so. And then Google is not trying to delist them. That's stupid. But anyway, let me ask you a question. Google is trying to do list knowledge fight.com No shit. Did we get an official letter Mike Cernovich told me that son of a bitch secret sources nobody

Jordan  2:09:41
breaks more truthful and more huge stories than Mike's you

Dan  2:09:45
know what else they're trying to delist twitter.com/knowledge_fight.

Unknown Speaker  2:09:52
Please don't

Jordan  2:09:52
ever at knowledge underscore fight. Also, they're

Dan  2:09:57
trying to delist our Gmail account in Greek Is it knowledge fight@gmail.com

Jordan  2:10:01
I'm telling you right now our subscribers are going down because of Apple, they're censoring us true. So the only way to fight against this is to scrub subscribe again. I don't know. I don't know guys. You can subscribe to us on iTunes. We're super fun

Dan  2:10:17
in a realistically we have actually been getting a lot of new listeners lately and thank you and welcome aboard but you know, Jordan, until next time,

Jordan  2:10:26
are we a couple of policy books? We

Dan  2:10:28
are

Alex Jones  2:10:29
Andy in Kansas, you're on the air. Thanks for holding. Oh, Alex, I'm a first time caller. I'm a huge fan. I love your work.
