Alex Jones  00:00
Andy in Kansas you're on the air Thanks for holding

Andy In Kansas   00:04
Well, Alex, I'm a first time caller I'm a huge fan. I love your work.

Jordan  00:07
Hey everybody welcome back to knowledge fight. I'm Dan. I'm Jordan. We're a couple dudes who like to sit around drink red wine talking about Alex Jones and wait for death we there's been a change this

Jordan  00:19
waiting for death is probably the best way of putting we're

Jordan  00:22
hoarding water and waiting for death. sweet embrace got

Jordan  00:25
it Sure. Seems like it's time. Oh, right. We're right there.

Jordan  00:29
Yep. Yep. We're still in a bunker. We're close to like, I gotta go to Infowars store.com and buy these foods.

Jordan  00:37
Do they have anything that protects against radiation? Yeah, yeah, they do. Then fuck yeah, we're in. But finally, we discovered that there's one good thing like it turns out Alex Jones saves the entire human race.

Jordan  00:50
I think what he has won't work. Well, but it's advertised for that. Anyway, plot twist to this shows that I know so much about Alex Jones. And I don't know anything about him. That is where we find our middle ground. That is the audience they might know a little bit right. Some of them might be closer to Miami. So we might be closer to your end.

Jordan  01:06
We educate and inform and in the meantime, hopefully we entertain you know what, you know what I was because I'll be god damned if they it's impossible to listen to anything. Alex Jones says. Without that.

Jordan  01:17
It's fascinating to think that there's probably out there there's probably some damn folks and there's probably some Jordan folks who listen to the like, I like Dan Jordan is kind of annoying. And vice versa. Yeah, I represent like some people are listening for you. Some for me. Sound off on Twitter. Destroyed. I don't know. I

Jordan  01:37
don't know if either of us can handle that. Please don't do that. I

Jordan  01:39
have a delicate snowflake. Always looking for a safe space.

Jordan  01:42
We're gonna get today is episode four. We do like to give a shout out. I'm a policy wonk close for you, Brian burger. Thank you very much for donating to the show.

Jordan  01:51
Thanks so much, Brian.

Jordan  01:52
I realized that is the first time I've used a donators last name. That was accidental. He also he's an

Jordan  02:00
old we have if we have any Alex Jones listeners. That's the real problem, right though.

Jordan  02:05
He's an old friend of mine. On the night before his wedding, I threw pennies at him and he almost beat me up over a sink. He's a good man and the night before his wedding Yeah, how did the wedding go wedding was fine. I got too drunk at the reception though and might and then you finally got beat up over a sick No, I karaoke stroking and didn't realize that there were still children present at the reception. It was a it was a night of fucking an interesting night. Anyway, today we're gonna get to what our episode is about. It's gonna be interesting. I told you before we started it's gonna be unlike a lot of episodes we've ever done in the past. But first, I want to start with an out of context drop that have nothing to do with what we talked about on today's episode.

Alex Jones  02:44
Let us give the newborn baby shots. Oh, another one died. Oh, liberal. Oh, I mean, this is just their whole deal. Right? It's and I don't you know, I as well I'm not a troglodyte and so Oh, liberal.

Jordan  03:03
don't like any of what's going on? Yeah, that was a long time for them to do that.

Jordan  03:11
Alex Jones and Leann McAdoo, had a little roundtable about transhumanism. All right. All right. That was some of their deep analysis. That was it. It went way off the way. Yeah, it was pretty terrible.

Jordan  03:23
Wow. Yeah. So that's they just, they just sure did that. That should give you

Jordan  03:27
some indication of like, how the show has been the last few days. It's been a disaster. Okay, it's been Oh,

Jordan  03:36
there goes another one another baby dies. Liberal. That's their that's their entire argument. Most

Jordan  03:43
of it. Yeah. Okay. And everybody, you can imagine what he's doing. They're doing the little Yeah.

Jordan  03:48
Oh, you know, you can use you saw it in your brain the moment he did.

Jordan  03:55
The last few days on the show had been trouble. And I've been trying to find something for our next episode to be about. And it's been it's been really hard. So I've been going back to the well, and we have a couple of time travel episodes, we're going to end up doing okay, in the near future, but I wanted to do one of my own. And so I went back to the day of the Boston bombing. Because I was really curious, because I remember listening to him a little bit back then. Did he say it was a false flag? Oh, big time. Okay. But here's the thing. I don't know if we'll ever cover the episode itself, because, much like the 911 episode, it's really not that interesting. Okay. But as the news of the Boston bombing is breaking, he's in the middle of an interview with Richard Belzer. Richard Belzer. Yeah. So Richard Belzer side cars, his coverage of the Boston bombing over Skype. It's amazing.

Jordan  04:47
So, so he is still on Skype with Richard Belzer. Well, this news break and Richard Belzer is not allowed to go No.

Jordan  04:55
And he's thrilled to be there. loves it. Alex Jones is back You lating wildly about how they're going to target patriots right? Belzer is just straight up signing off on all bizarre like you watch them on law and order and everything you think he's like, and you know he has.

Jordan  05:12
I was genuinely sitting here going like, it can't be Richard Belzer Oh, it's bells. It can't be that Richard Belzer hells bells and he's just there. Yep. So I believe that Richard

Jordan  05:24
Belzer it is. So I was digging around was trying to find something for us to cover because like I said, the last few days have been just no man's land. That was no good. I was really struggling and then a real I realized on Monday, Alex Jones did an interview with Jack Passaic. Yes, we've brought him up a couple times in the past. And today, it is finally time for us to delve in to something that I am going to call one of our dirty dossiers. Because as we do this show, it's going to become more and more essential that we clearly delineate who these fucking characters are, okay, that exist in the periphery. Okay. Alex Jones had an interview with Jack for Sobiech because he is one of the main forces behind the Macron leaks. So I found a a New Yorker article that contradicts his story about what happened with the macaron leaks. Okay, this is a New Yorker story that actually uses an interview with Jack for Sobiech as it sort of foundation. Quote from this New Yorker article, I reached the Sobiech by phone on Saturday, the previous day he told me he had flown from Washington to Miami to attend a party hosted by the far right self promoter Milo Yiannopoulos. For sobic spent much of Friday night monitoring 4chan slash poll before chan message boards, which has recently become a breeding ground for nationalist trolls, both in the US and abroad. This is a quote from the Soviet people were claiming something big was coming. So I just kept hitting refresh. He told me shortly before 3pm 3pm and anonymous 4chan user posted nine gigabytes of information, purportedly hacked emails, photographs, and internal documents from the campaign of Emmanuel Macron. For Sobia could not know whether all the information was authentic. He didn't even have time to glance through most of the 1000s of pages. But he considered it his journalistic duty to let his followers know about the leak, quote, massive doc dump at pol he tweeted, he included a link to the 4chan post along with the hashtag Macron leaks. So that's how he got involved. According to him, I'd heard that that

Jordan  07:39
happened, and that it was, and that's why everybody was mad at WikiLeaks or something. And yet, they weren't the ones who leaked the information or hacked it. They just had it.

Jordan  07:51
Yeah, they really got with it. And really, it was hacked by somebody. So anyway, he goes to this party, and people start retweeting it, and it starts to catch steam. And so like, at about midnight, he realizes he's at Milo Yiannopoulos his party, and he realizes that a bunch of other people have started to pick up on this. Obviously, some of these bot farms started to push the content, of course, much like it's been demonstrated has been done in the past. Yes. And so on the phone Sobiech started a live video on Periscope which he called a quote, press conference on macaron leaks. The first few minutes consisted of pisode B, which he has not read or looked at. He's gone to a party at this point. Yes. The first few minutes consisted of for sobic and his girlfriend dancing too bad and bougie by Migos while sob occasionally made the okay hand gesture. All right,

Jordan  08:44
why didn't he just stop it there? Don't talk about the leaks. Just fucking just let me enjoy that. Just let me enjoy that mental image of you your monsters for the journalism bullshit. Yeah. And instead you're dancing to migos. So

Jordan  09:01
then he took a little bit of criticism about like the alt right, does it? He took some harsh criticism and his response was, I just find interesting things and post them to my Twitter feed. Look, journalists have gotten so bad that they see someone like me doing real work actually digging through documents and distributing them to people. They assume there must be some sort of conspiracy behind it. I hope that if anything, this can be a learning experience for the New York Times and Lamont and the rest of them to understand how real journalism was he was dancing amigo by his own admission in this article, he didn't read any of the documents. No, he just said like, maybe this is something fucking put it out on Twitter. That was it. Yeah. So that should give you some sort of a sense of what a blowhard fuck this guy is.

Jordan  09:43
Yeah, I'm not a fan hate him. I read. I read something about him where he was describing his four D journalism. Yeah, he gets involved. Yeah, a lot of a lot of other people just report things. And I believe his quote was, I'll go to an anti Trump rally Aliens start saying anti Clinton stuff just Yeah. And you're like that's, that's just being a dick. That's not being a journalist, but any kind but

Jordan  10:09
again, this directly relates to what we talked about in that 2015 episode, where Mark Dice went out and asked people to, if they supported banning the American flag, right or got them to sign his petition. Infowars puts out a video about it. Drudge Report puts up a link. Alex Jones starts reporting that Drudge Report is reporting this thing. It's this cycle. Yeah, it's a jet sob it goes and starts a fight. It's like anti Trump rally. He becomes the story and then he reports on the story. It's yeah,

Jordan  10:41
see that? i Okay. Now, I have only taking zero journalism classes. But I have read journalism. Sure. I feel like that's wrong. isn't that bad? Like, aren't you supposed to like by the definition of journal? Aren't you supposed to record these things? And that's it, even write it the fuck down?

Jordan  11:07
Even the fucking newscaster in Arrested Development knows that. Every part of the story can't be part of the story. Yeah, exactly. Even fucking. Anyway, we're gonna talk quite a bit about Jack Sobiech today. And at the end of this, I guarantee you, he won't be busted. But we have to start with why he was on the show on Monday. Okay, so he was tweeting about the Macron leaks. Right. And now he's coming on to Infowars on Monday, because the narrative is that Macron himself is suing jack for Sobiech. So I will let him isn't he suing? LePen I will let Alex Jones start the narrative. All right.

Alex Jones  11:49
So if Macron is so powerful than a French president, why is he showing Jack? The Shelby act who reported on the whistleblowers, the leaks?

Jordan  11:58
I don't know if he's doing LePen but what he is doing is they're starting an investigation into these hackings Yeah, because they are patently illegal.

Jordan  12:07
Yeah, that's a super good idea. Yep. To investigate these hackings Yep. The ones where you got hacked illegally

Jordan  12:14
and especially because this hack is different than the Podesta ones and other hacks in the past where this hack explicitly has tons of fake shit in it. Yeah, this well,

Jordan  12:25
apparently McCrone put his own fake shit in there smart. Yeah. He which is super smart that he didn't that he didn't know he was going to be hacked. But still, like I mean, if you're halfway smart now you know you're gonna be hacked. But

Jordan  12:40
to be fair, like our intelligence agencies in the last few days have confirmed that they told the French that like, Hey, guys, there are attacks happening. We can monitor them. We're seeing them happening. Yeah, you are being digitally attacked. You're being targeted. So yeah.

Jordan  12:56
But at the same time, I feel like you should guess. Like, if you're going up against a nationalist candidate anywhere, you better believe you're gonna get hacked. Yeah, just just do a better job of hiding shit.

Jordan  13:07
It's becoming the tool of the present and the future, like of hurting people.

Jordan  13:12
And this one is this one is undeniable. Like this was explicitly we're trying to influence this election. There was no other explanation for

Jordan  13:21
and the only reason is to help the nationalist nationalist candidate which

Jordan  13:25
we can tie back to all of the other hacks helping nationalist candidates with ties to Putin and to each other. So it seems it seems like there can be no other conclusion. Yeah, it is. It is now and now obviously, the evidence is circumstantial, but if it's a fucking coincidence, I will kill myself.

Jordan  13:46
It's like it's this stuff happening. Sally gate, Sally Yates and clappers testimony the other day, Comey being fired today, as we're recording this with all of it is,

Jordan  13:58
it's too late,

Jordan  14:00
too much of it is too much. I don't know how to handle this. Let's not talk about that. Let's talk about Jack.

Jordan  14:05
Okay, it's easier to talk about a different person who deserves to be in jail. So

Jordan  14:09
he wants to give a little breakdown about the leaks. He's gonna he's gonna talk about, you know, the stuff that's being found right in these documents. I hope it's

Alex Jones  14:18
what's really happened, what's unfolding why they're showing you why they're so upset and what we're learning about. Reportedly, the gay porn, the gay escorts the drugs and what's going on here. Why this guy is charged a little darling of the establishment. Youngest French president ever?

Jack Posobiec  14:33
Sure, Alex and so well, we saw the game via Macron gate last week where it was revealed that he has these offshore bank accounts in the Cayman Islands. Tax evasion billions of dollars was also then revealed in these emails. That number. The McCrone campaign was funding Antifa was behind the Antifa riots in Paris where they're setting police officers on fire on

Jordan  14:54
let's be clear, there is not real evidence of those bank accounts that he's talking about. In fact, he's Oh,

Jordan  15:00
there is absolutely no evidence of it because it's been proven they do not exist

Jordan  15:04
and they're all the images that people keep posting are all not what they say they are. Exactly. Some of them are insurance document right. Some of it's insane like normal people have it's all

Jordan  15:15
that's why he's suing LePen for defamation because that's literally what she's doing. Okay, well, they can. Yeah, they can sue Sobiech for the same thing,

Jordan  15:25
probably only that you can sue French. I don't know. I don't know what kind of standing they'd have. But they're not suing him right here's the thing will probably because they can't the kind of behavior that's being expressed here is the kind of thing that's like well if they weren't gonna sue you sure hope they do now Yeah, because now he's he's introducing this idea of like, they were paying people to set cops on fire, and then it's gonna get worse.

Jack Posobiec  15:48
May 1, we'll find out activities where there have been there have been selling and buying designer drugs that they're saying they're for the boss this this drug called MMC three as a sophisticated drug. He's also on the list, essentially, of this this homosexual drug whole sort of mailing list that he's on. So with the drugs, all that stuff, and let's keep in mind that McCrone himself is a victim of pedophilia. So we know from a very early age, he was involved in pedophilia himself, the victim

Jordan  16:23
to know things,

Jordan  16:27
no two things, no search for MMC three. Everything that comes up is about a Nintendo controller called the memory management controller. So

Jordan  16:42
well, yeah, but this is this is that times three.

Jordan  16:44
This is deep stuff.

Jordan  16:45
It'll get you so high, you'll be able to play video game.

Jordan  16:49
I mean, yeah, his wife has a lot older than him. But yeah, but the age of consent in France is 15. So Right. I don't know. I don't know if you want to call. So that's really that's what they're calling that's specifically what he's talking about. I

Jordan  17:05
thought we were talking about, you know, child abuse. Yeah. No, I

Jordan  17:09
don't think he I mean, if he's making that kind of an accusation, unfounded. Um, it's not even an accusation, but it's just weird. It's just weird. He's talking about his wife, who was who was a teacher in his high school drama teacher, right. And they ended up having a relationship later.

Jordan  17:24
Yeah, it's, it's weird and unusual. And I know at

Jordan  17:28
least two people who ended up dating teachers one of them got married, but they did not start their relationship while they were teacher and student but and they met around that like 1617 No Man's Land, where it's like, it's fucked up. But yeah, you know, it's not Mary Kay, LeTourneau shit. I don't know. I'm not here to go to bat for macaron hanging around with this teacher. But I also am not here to call it pedophilia. I think that that is,

Jordan  17:58
that'd be great. If you explicit like at the very beginning of the episode, you're like, I am here to go to bat for Macron begging his teacher. I know. I have no personal investment in this whatsoever. Yeah, wink wink, nudge nudge.

Jordan  18:12
I do think it matters, though, culturally that the age of consent is 15. In France, it's not illegal. Whatever, who cares

Jordan  18:21
if one part of the world looks at another part of the weird world and goes That's gross and you should be held to our standards. You're dumb.

Jordan  18:28
Yeah. But anyway, he goes on he says even worse stuff about micron and his wife.

Jordan  18:34
But even then it's he's he made it imply that he wasn't that he was involved in pedophilia, right? Like it was like he wasn't the victim of pedophilia. He was just just all around it. He was just he was part of that world and therefore he will always Yeah, exactly. Yeah, so that makes him complete perfectly completely

Jordan  18:54
skipped over the part where he said that he's on a gay sex cult email list.

Jordan  18:59
Wow. Oh, is it totally believable? Well, he's on a gay sex cult email list looking

Jordan  19:05
at a gay sex cold as an email list. That's a shitty call.

Jordan  19:08
Why would you say no? What? Okay, it's time to send out an evil email blast for our next gay sex cult meeting.

Jordan  19:14
Yeah, ridiculous. Hey, guys,

Jordan  19:16
I'm gonna send you an evite how Saturday morning around 11.

Jordan  19:19
So you're here Good luck. He goes on a little more. And this is the stuff that I've actually seen people tweeting about like this, this part of his commentary and it's fucking wacky.

Jack Posobiec  19:30
There's 10s of 1000s We literally haven't had enough time possibly for our researchers at rebel media or the people on 4chan to go through these things to translate them and to make all the connections to find what's

Jordan  19:41
also the he's talking about people on 4chan, which are notorious reliable researchers. Yeah, certainly let them handle every truth based investigation. Secondarily, he brought up rebel media again, they are very important. They are a piece of this puzzle that is going to be increasingly dangerous in the future. Okay. Just wanted to point that out.

Jack Posobiec  19:59
Out There. There. We're using Bitcoin to buy designer drugs on the black market out in France. I mean, it's crazy.

Alex Jones  20:05
Now the story is admitted with him and his older wife that there's a lot of weird stuff going on. And that and that she did want to read all this what's what's going on there?

Jack Posobiec  20:17
That's right. So she was a heist. He was her high school student when he was 14 and 15. And then later on, but it was stated that that was in the relationship started, but that no sexual acts began until he was of legal age in France, which I believe is 18. So that right there tells me something very, very fishy is going on. He has children that are older I am as a matter of fact, and it may be a way that they found this guy very, very young. And they were using that to essentially turn him into a puppet turned him into a marionette. And now they're plying him with drugs, keeping him drugged up and getting him to do whatever they want. You're got news, where they're showing you this stuff, the same type of mind control they use for celebrities, for actors for musicians that we see around the world. Yep.

Jordan  21:01
Yep. Great journalism, Mind

Jordan  21:03
Control, right. Mind Control. We see it for actors. Yes. Musician, all of them celebrities. Yep. There'll be whatever Kim Kardashian is,

Jordan  21:13
yeah, like, oh, it's,

Jordan  21:15
it's mind control. Yep. He was groomed from a very young age. We know because he said that nothing started until he was of legal age, which is that means that means something very suspicious is going on. Sure. Obviously, if somebody asks you that question all the time, and then you answer it truthfully, ah, we know you're lying. And then of course, mind control with the designer drug, right?

Jordan  21:39
You're going to take this really young guy and you drug him up real good. And now he's your puppet. Yeah, 15 years ago. Now.

Jordan  21:46
He's your puppet.

Jordan  21:47
Right now. He's the youngest president in France ever. And so he's

Jordan  21:50
literally a Manchurian Candidate. They were saying he would never

Jordan  21:53
be saying this stuff. If he wasn't someone who just beat the pants off of Marine LePen. Yeah, like they're, it's, it's crazy. Like, the idea that he didn't fact check what the age of consent is in France means he's not doing any work. Why would the fact that he just tweeted about this stuff and then went to Milo's party means he doesn't really go at all gave this to me goes during his press conference. Yeah, means he's an asshole. 10s of 1000s of documents, right? And then he comes into the Alex Jones Show, and he's like, he's probably being drugged up and is just a puppet. Like you. If you're a journalist, you can't say that. You don't have anything to back that.

Jordan  22:29
You can't speculate wildly about mind control drugs and whether or not they are being used to manipulate the leaders of multiple countries, as well as musicians you're not supposed to pour for as we all know, the number one musician being mind controlled right now

Jordan  22:45
bad and bougie migos.

Jordan  22:49
So this, that's most of the substance of what he's talking about. What's the substance? Yeah. Okay. He also was asked at one point about how he found out he's being sued, and his fucking answer is so vague and nonsensical that, like, I don't, I don't believe him at all. Like no, and I tried to Google it. I tried to find like, you know, for Sobiech being sued by mcrent. There's nothing there's nothing on it. He said the documents are public, there is nothing. There's nothing he's not being sued by mcrent. Anyway, we're gonna get back to Jack sob in a second. But I want to get the taste out of our mouth with our old friend Alex, because we need some Alex Jones on this podcast. Yes, we do. It's gonna be a lot of Sobiech. So let's enjoy Alex while we can, discussing how evil the Louvre is. What he wants to say that the Louvre is satanic. And when macaron Keramik Yep, he came out in front of the pyramid, right? That it was some symbolic satanist ik gesture. Now, some might argue it's one of the biggest landmarks in France. I don't understand. But Alex brings up

Jordan  23:54
I don't even think it houses anything famous.

Jordan  23:56
I need I need you to let like I want you to hear every word of this because it's fucking hilarious. Alex Jones because he starts reading for once in his life. Oh, no accidentally busts himself. So here we go.

Alex Jones  24:11
And sure enough, I found from the Encyclopedia obscura, the Louvre pyramid. And you can read were completed in 89. The largest the structure is commonly referred to as the Louvre pyramid now serves as the main entrance to the museum and is one of the city's more notable landmarks. The structure is Chinese American architect claimed that the design was inspired by a trellis he had seen at the adjunct and that the loop pyramid was nowhere related to the monuments of Egypt. A little pyramid raised controversy in the 80s. Following the publication of an official brochure. Twice in the pages of the brochure, it was claimed that the structure was formed to 666 individual panes of glass. The figure was subsequently quoted on numerous newspapers and became a widespread and then it goes on though to have Francoise meter on saying that indeed, it is dedicated to the beast revelations aside the no Since that little pyramid 666 pains is in fact, false tries to claim an official statement on the Louvre Museum. Now where was the partner show me that were Francoise meter on said that himself?

Jordan  25:08
Do you see that he fucking busted himself? Twice there at the end? He tried to undersell how what he was reading says the opposite of what he wanted to say. You were saying that like these 666 tile thing, it was subsequently proven to be a hoax. Yeah. And he drops off the word hoax. And it was like it subsequently proven. That meter on the bat is false. What did he say? Never does get around to proving I was based on the beast based on the beast. The beast, Brock Lesnar was inspiration for the loop.

Jordan  25:44
And we know that it's suspicious because the Louvre came out and said, It's not suspicious.

Jordan  25:50
Right? Right. And all all of this stuff is just based. I mean, if you listen to what he's saying, it's all just based on a pamphlet like an erroneous pamphlet. Yeah, that came out. There were a

Jordan  25:59
couple of pamphlets. Yeah, well, they were brochures for sure. Their brochures. They also included some Sky Mall objects, but who doesn't meet sky

Jordan  26:08
ball objects, say a brochure and pray the dollar frawls Now there's gonna be a new segment where I just speak French for a little while. I'm gonna let you roll. So Jack sobic has come in. He's made his claims about McCarl and now it's time to take a little trip back in time to the last time the jackpot Sobiech was on Infowars okay, it might not actually be the last time but it's the most important time okay, that is when he was breaking the story about pizza gate. Alrighty, so what we're going to do is I

Jordan  26:44
am happy to get back to that fucking monstrosity of a bullshit mess story that still won't god damn die

Jordan  26:52
well because no one else should have to watch the entire video of Jack Sobia going to comment ping pong. I have done that and isolated clips. Now what we're going to we're going to

Jordan  27:06
the actual video when wandering through a pizza place go and

Jordan  27:10
look, there is no what we're going to do is we're going to listen to his interview with Owen Shroyer on Infowars. And then whenever he says something about what he did it, Comet Ping Pong, I will play the actual audio just to prove in real time. What a fucking liar is he didn't

Jordan  27:30
need me for this episode. Do you want to just put those back to back for the rest of the episode? We'll call it we'll call it Good afternoon.

Jordan  27:37
I actually think that you might be surprised by how big of a liar he is. So like, it actually does serve a purpose that you're here. And I like company.

Jordan  27:48
Okay. All right.

Jordan  27:50
So here we go. This is the beginning of the interview we did with Owen Shroyer,

Jordan  27:53
let's just call this the busted special. Oh,

Jordan  27:55
totally. Yeah. Sobiech. We are

Owen Shroyer  27:59
joined by Jack for sobic, the Special Operations Director for citizens for Trump. He was giving me great intel on election night. All of it ended up coming true. But recently, he went inside of comet pizza and ping pong and got kicked out.

Jordan  28:13
So we should just stop there for a second and really make clear that he is not a journalist. He's a functionary for citizens for Trump. Yes, he is a political operative. No, never been someone who know journalism journalism. Not right. Fair enough.

Jordan  28:27
Yeah. You know how? Well I mean, let's face it, Fox News is basically an arm of the Trump campaign. Now to

Jordan  28:32
sure. Anyway,

Owen Shroyer  28:34
well, one of the biggest trends on Twitter has been the whole pizza gate thing. And there's a lot of weird activity going on here. A lot of alleged stuff that a lot of people on Twitter are obsessing over to be quite frank with you. But then we went to come at ping pong and pizza, you actually had your boots on the ground. Tell us about what happened.

Jack Posobiec  28:57
So so that's what I do. Oh, and thanks, night,

Jordan  29:00
I put you know, I saw a lot of people were researching

Jack Posobiec  29:03
pizza gate, and I saw a lot of people were talking about it. And quite frankly, it had not been something that I had put a lot of effort into, because it really broke just towards the end of the campaign. And as citizens for Trump, we were working very hard to get Mr. Trump elected to make sure that we were going to stop the steel stop the fraud operations that were going on from the Democrats. So I hadn't really paid much attention to it.

Jordan  29:25
So he is already laid out here his groundwork, he was actively working to get a particular candidate elected like a journalist. This controversy, this fake controversy that sprung out of the illegal leaks of the opposite candidates emails or her campaign managers emails, right didn't really pay much attention to him. Right journalist I didn't really didn't really pay much attention to what you need to know. No other you're

Jordan  29:53
trying to get trying to get Trump elected. Why would you pay attention to those leaks?

Jordan  29:57
That's also not true. He was paying attention to those things, but he goes on they he, in this next clip he discusses a little bit about his decision to go to Comet Ping Pong

Jordan  30:12
Did he struggle? Oh, did he have an inner inner battle? This is

Jordan  30:16
a hero's story. I mean, you got to know that. Okay, Jack was so big comes out of this looking great. Okay. Yeah.

Jordan  30:21
So we're on some, some hero's journey.

Jordan  30:25
Campbell stuff. Yeah, this is where he's like, Can I pull the sword out of the stone? Gotcha. No,

Jordan  30:30
gotcha. Yeah, he hasn't yet taken the call to action. No.

Jack Posobiec  30:33
And I hadn't been one of those people that was you know, researching it and putting together the spaghetti string, you know, of who's who tied to Hillary tied to Podesta and all the emails. But I said, Well, look, guys, if we think that there's something going on, why don't we just go to the place, sit down, order dinner, Periscope and live and see what happens.

Owen Shroyer  30:55
And so what happened? And you saw a kind of a strange reaction, but I did you know, to me, there's even I mean, humans have a sixth sense. There's a reason why certain environments make our hair stand up on the back of our neck. There's a reason why we get butterflies. I feel like if you were in this establishment, and there was serious activity, like this alleged pedophile activity going on, you would kind of sense it, you would sense the weirdness of the place. Just tell me what it was like when you walked in and then but let's be clear, that's

Jordan  31:24
not I can feel something when I walk in this room that you feel that it just got a little bit colder. That again, is not good journalists. There's I can feel pedophile energy.

Jordan  31:32
You're reporting on vibes, but yeah, good. Good,

Jordan  31:37
bad vibes. Pizzagate bad vibes. I remember, I was in New York Post a headline.

Jordan  31:45
I remember when Walter Cronkite would get on TV. I gotta be honest, I got no facts, but this story gives me the willies.

Jordan  31:52
All right. Good evening. This is Edward R. Murrow. I just want to let you know that McCarthy creepy. Give me some bad vibes. Let me tell you something about that guy. Every time I get near him. Oh, just get the hair raises on the back of my neck. I get goose pimples. I'm starting to think he's gonna prosecute a lot of people illegally for communist ties even though they don't actually have communist ties. Let's blacklist Hollywood

Jordan  32:17
Good night and good vibes. So let's discuss these vibes.

Owen Shroyer  32:24
How kind of the staff they're treated you

Jack Posobiec  32:27
weird vibe man. Really weird vibe. And if anyone wants to go and lured virus books I'm on Twitter at Jack sobic It's just my name and when we stepped in, you know ever the people sort of had that like super extra happy smile and I don't mean like like, you know, there was a greeter who was there I mean, like, this is your table. This is going to be great. Me You're gonna have a good time and then so that's

Jordan  33:00
he's welcome to your table. Mr. Paz sobic. How did you know my name? I am a pedophile

Jordan  33:07
and I know all we know all

Jordan  33:09
Dave's that's what gives us our power.

Jordan  33:11
So I want to be clear. I've not cut out anything relevant from the time that he is in common ping pong. He does get thrown out I've cut out him and his friend standing outside talking about how they might eat them. Oh, right. Right. We're gonna be the next victims. There. They might be Hi. Like it's they might be fucking stoned. It would be more fun. Yeah, so here is him going inside Comet Ping Pong. Just talking to the greeter and see see if it sounds like it matches up at all. With who here it

Jordan  33:46
is. You're evil. The food here is

Jordan  33:50
good. Yeah, see if it all matches that aid of

Jordan  33:53
people. Right here we go. It's time to infiltrate.

Jack Posobiec  34:00
How do you think it in this place?

Jordan  34:02
Opened the door

Jack Posobiec  34:05
Alright, it's good. On the circuit the menu. What's on the menu

Posobiec's friend   34:11
it's a cover story cover stories that cover stories near here

Jack Posobiec  34:17
that we work in DC. In Pittsburgh, and we want pizza just out here for oh, look at some of the stuff jungle peanuts. Sounds like you've been here before. Oh, no. Oh, no. I hate to please. Or not. I think just play some ping pong. We're very friendly. Definitely or the thickness of the back now. So in

Jordan  35:03
that clip, he didn't even sell that nice to be honest. No, she

Jordan  35:07
said in the back, are you want to be back by the ping pong or not? Yeah. And he said, we're we're very friendly. He's the one who's been way more. He's our secret agent in history. And in that clip right at the end, he does one of the first things that tips them off. I'm certain that he's not on the level. And that is he's narrating his trip. He says they're walking us to the spy talking into a flower. Yeah, like he has his he has his Periscoping phone in his shirt pocket. He's walking around with it and like you can see nothing creepy. Tons of families. People eating dinner. It's a cool looking like restaurant bar. There's nothing he claims that like oh, we got footage of all these creepy pictures and said nothing. Anyway, they were not being EU user table. Anyone would you

Jordan  36:02
like to be nipping ball?

Jordan  36:05
So that's the first instance of him incredibly mischaracterizing.

Jordan  36:08
We're very, we're very friendly. Hi, I am human. Oh shit. My what's my cover name I forgot. I am forgot. I am pizza. Ping pong.

Jordan  36:18
On pizza person, man. I'm friendly. I would like I would like me. So he goes on in his interview with our man oh and Shroyer to talk a little bit about the various games that they have there? And this is a lie. We're asking

Jack Posobiec  36:35
basic questions and sort of getting back with my friend George. And the answers that we're getting back are very shady. They were very non committal. At one point, we were going into the back room. And so they have this ping pong setup with a foosball table. And I was just saying, oh, foosball, it's like when I was, you know, in the military, we used to always play foosball in the Navy and on the swim bays, and they say, Can we play foosball and like, they didn't know what I was talking about. And even the owner or guest manager was there didn't really know what I was talking about. And I said, and I like pointed to it a couple of times. And so that yeah, because there's a foosball table there that clearly hadn't been used in a very long time. So here,

Jordan  37:12
so is it like if you spin the goalie three times it takes you into the underground?

Jordan  37:20
So that's his characterization of what happened with the foosball. Now I have the all the audio that here is what happened with the foosball. And now would you leave it up? I don't know. Why leave it. I don't know. It's crazy. But I want you to pay very close attention to the end of this because the lady very clearly explains why she was a little bit confused. And it makes total sense. Okay.

Jack Posobiec  37:45
Is there Foosball to do we have to click a little football guy Hey, guys, how you doing? Football. Football, football. I started like

Jordan  38:12
three days ago. So you got

Jordan  38:18
that. Nice started three days ago. Yeah.

Jordan  38:20
He's like, he's like, Oh, you guys got foosball? She's like, I don't know.

Jordan  38:23
I don't know. I'm nervous. I've never nobody's ever asked me that question before

Jordan  38:28
she's being she said you were friendly. She's being friendly and like a server, but at the same time, she doesn't know. And her reason for not knowing is she just started.

Jordan  38:37
I don't know, it's suspicious. If you don't know what Foosball is, I don't think it is

Jordan  38:41
i You guys got bumper pool? You guys got Pachinko? What do you got? So that that's again, him completely taken out of context? What happened there but the foosball fun is not done. We have two more clips about foosball.

Jordan  38:56
How, because it'd be this much about Foosball

Jordan  39:00
because it really illustrates how weird he's acting like he's not acting like a normal customer. And he listened to this pacing and

Jack Posobiec  39:07
leading basically, basically, basically, we're normal guys who want to play

Jordan  39:17
he's saying that out loud. Pacing and leading, normal guys who want to play

Jordan  39:31
eventually, the person who I presume is the manager, it's hard to tell it's very dark in the video, but someone comes over and brings him a ball, and it also is very suspicious that they bring him a foosball and he doesn't want to play at all. So

Jordan  39:45
now he doesn't want to play well. Here's

Jordan  39:47
that clip.

Jordan  39:48
I thought he said he was just too normal. He was just a normal guy who want to play foosball, so normal guy, paste it and leave and paste it and leave and

Jack Posobiec  39:56
no, I looked at it

Jordan  40:04
Okay, so that's, uh, you know, you immediately is not interested in the the foosball once the ball shows up. We've got a range.

Jordan  40:15
I see you've confirmed my suspicion. There is a foosball

Jordan  40:19
Yeah. Okay great. case case proven now we know so big now we know pizza gate. So he goes on in this this interview. Let's see what else he's got with Owen Shroyer,

Jack Posobiec  40:30
anyway, I'm looking around, it's like, nine o'clock at night in a bar in DC and there's little kids, like just randomly sort of walking around going back and forth from this curtain. People are going back and forth. And and the guy's like, oh, no, no, no, you come over here and find the bathroom and we go over, and there's like, I kid you not. You can see the periscope. It's a secret door. That's like kind of like this flag behind me were a secret door and like you press it in, and then and I'm looking around. I'm like, What kind of place Am I in right now?

Jordan  41:05
They do have a very bizarre and unique bathroom door. Ah, there but it's nothing evil.

Jordan  41:12
It's a fun door.

Jordan  41:12
But he also says that there's like a back room.

Jordan  41:14
They're like, No, no, no, come over here to use the bathroom. Right? Because that's where the fucking bathroom is. Right? But he can't just go to the you can't Okay, come over here to behind the bar to use the bathroom.

Jordan  41:28
We have a sink. Yes. But also before that he was saying that there's kids scampering out in and out of this curtain to area and stuff like you can see it in the in the very unlike children. It's not in that's not in the periscope. There is a back room. There is because every fucking business has a back room. Every single one. It's where like

Jordan  41:47
there's a kitchen. There might be an office in there. So it could just be cleaning supplies.

Jordan  41:51
What's fun about what you see in the periscope is that he shows this back door or this back room. The entrance to the back room. Doesn't say the staff only doesn't they don't say anything and you can't really see it because it's too far away. There are not kids scampering around, but what the area it's it's the implied creepiness of it. But there's also no one back there playing ping pong.

Jordan  42:15
I get bad vibes from

Jordan  42:16
empty. It's all empty. No one tells him not to go back there. There's just he asked where the bathroom is. You heard it at the end of the last clip we played. Yeah, and the guys erected right over here. Here's the bathroom. And again bathroom was a little creepy, but I mean,

Jordan  42:31
the bathroom is not a little creepy. It's a weird it's a unique door. It's an unusual bathroom.

Jordan  42:36
Yeah, that's not always cool. But it's also a cool bar. Of course, you'd want to have something interesting and unique in your bar. So Soviet goes on to fits with their brand. He goes on to tell the rest of the little bit more of his story I should say, too oh and Shroyer here and he gets to the part where his time at Comet Ping Pong pizza. And

Jack Posobiec  42:58
you know I see the manager comes by he's on the phone. And he's like staring at me a staring at the other guy. And meanwhile, I've only been in this place for about five minutes. And then I go and I get to the point where I think I ordered a garlic not and it had just come to sit at my my table when the manager comes back with to Washington DC police officers and says you need to leave the establishment. I am denying you service.

Jordan  43:23
So before we get any further I want to play this because I think it's important This confirms the Jag sobic did in fact order a garlic not

Jack Posobiec  43:35
going to try this as a hottie with the pepperoni and then we get the the garlic not soup.

Jordan  43:43
So he did that. That part's not a lie.

Jordan  43:46
That's okay. Thank you dad.

Jordan  43:48
As far as I can tell everything else is a lie. But he did order

Jordan  43:53
a car you wanted to make sure that everybody knew I like to be more

Jordan  43:56
fair than not fair. In this case, right right on confirmed right on with so I that's how he tells the story when he

Jordan  44:07
I think that I mean that obviously means if he ordered a garlic not he's part of a gay sex cult. It's probably a code he's on their email blast and absolutely

Jordan  44:21
garlic naughty. So what are you thinking at this point? Like what do you think you heard? You heard how he described what happened? Do you think that's the story?

Jordan  44:33
Um, well, we do know that he ordered a garlic not that's true. I'm gonna have to give him the benefit of the doubt here. Yeah. Bob Barker. Give me $1.

Jordan  44:45
So, at this point, he is sitting at a table with his friend and he started he's starting to freak out. He's starting to crack under the spy pressure.

Jack Posobiec  44:55
That's the guy from before he's on the phone. This guy was talking to him before he was on the Phone he's on the phone. The guy was talking to you before you just changed this line and you have to sorry so

Jordan  45:34
what kind of bullshit little child's fantasy is he living right now?

Jordan  45:38
It's a good one. This is it's it's it's he

Jordan  45:40
was actually in the army.

Jordan  45:43
Yeah, apparently I don't Wow. Apparently our army is

Jordan  45:47
not I am not as confident into them as I once was.

Jordan  45:50
But here's the part that's really fucked up is like these kinds of publicity stunts have been incredibly effective in terms of making him a celebrity. I mean, this is a big show, but he's reasonably like, important. In the alt right. He is a prominent figure in alt right media.

Jordan  46:08
How are we being defeated by such stupid people? We're not being defeated by them. We've already been defeated. We win. We didn't win. We've already

Jordan  46:16
won. Look at the world we're in right now. You and I are not at a pizza place freaking out that we've been burned. Okay, that's true. We win. That's true.

Jordan  46:24
We didn't show we have not been burned yet. By any pizza place.

Jordan  46:28
Jack has decided that he's burned. You know? Yeah. And I love he's burned. I love that. He's like, we've been burned. And then immediately the waitress comes. And it's just, it's a normal order.

Jordan  46:41
I feel like we've been burned. Can I get it? Can I get a Diet Coke? She Oh, we only have Pepsi.

Jordan  46:48
She probably heard him say we've been burned. At this point. They've already behaved super weird in this place. Like to the point where I used to manage a movie theater. If someone was acting like this in my theater, I would either ignore them, or I would throw them the fuck out. Yeah, it depends on the circumstances. And if I was, let's say in a movie theater, that was the center of spurious rumors about a satanic pedophilic murder cult, probably kick them out

Jordan  47:17
with a lunatic Periscoping and narrating the entire time probably

Jordan  47:21
kick them out. Yeah, I think that's the reasonable thing, but they could not more

Jordan  47:25
obviously have negative intent than if they were like two kids standing on top of each other wearing a trench coat could not be a more obvious fake deception.

Jordan  47:35
So they've decided or Jack at least has decided I don't know what his friend thinks on the matter, but he's decided he's been burned. And

Jordan  47:42
his friend just really wanted to get some good pizza he's been there before he likes that place. Yeah, it's good.

Jordan  47:46
It's a good place man. So about a minute goes by I have nothing I cut that out. But then after they've been burned this happens

Jordan  47:55
the manager and to DC cops say I am denying you service

Jordan  47:59
Oh, it doesn't happen what happens is the waiter comes over and gets their order

Jordan  48:07
so why didn't the alright pick up on that? Vegetarian pieces? No, thank

Unknown Speaker  48:19
you. It's good

Jordan  48:26
really. I mean, the steel was.

Jordan  48:33
So these just getting in depth pizza recommendation after we've been burned. We've been burned. The guy comes over, the waiter comes over and he's like, even goes to the exams. Like, it's not my favorite use of spinach. It's really popular pizza. So fucking.

Jordan  48:48
Yeah, it's really not my favorite use of spinach. I want a special report on Jack Pacific's favorite uses of spin. That's the waiter

Jordan  48:57
saying that? Oh, the waiter is saying yeah, the waiter is discussing this pizza that's very popular, and it's better uses of spinach. Anyway, so the waiters just doing his job. He's being very friendly. Yeah, very helpful. And that's the kind of thing that really annoys waiters a lot of the time is that like, really in depth? Like what what do you get? What do you like? What would you reco and yeah, so

Jordan  49:22
All right, that's so we're on. We're on zero evil so far. I don't even get any bad vibes from this

Jordan  49:29
bad vibe.

Jordan  49:30
I get really bad vibes from those too.

Jordan  49:32
Yeah, super bad.

Jordan  49:34
Creepy.

Jordan  49:34
Here's where we get worse vibes where it's been shown through his Twitter account. If you go look through Jack sob X Twitter account seems to have an undue interest in Russia seems to have a lot of interest in reporting Russian Embassy news. There have been a number of times that he has reported things that are not very important would have to do with the Russian embassy. He has written ported from the Russian embassy, there is just excellent. I'm not saying anything. I'm just saying. You know what I'm saying? I do know what you're saying. It's weird. And if you want to get worse vibes here, again haven't been kicked out yet. He and his friend get a drink. And this is how they cheers each other.

Jordan  50:20
Oh God, I don't want to hear this. This has to be insane. Cheers that's not unusual. I've done that before. I'm fine with that. I'm fine with that. No, I'm fine with it. No, I've said it a bunch. No, you haven't. I have actually not in my

Jordan  50:37
company. You haven't called you a goddamn red.

Jordan  50:42
God dammit McCarthy.

Jordan  50:43
Listen, it's not it's nothing damning.

Jordan  50:45
This whole thing is a witch hunt.

Jordan  50:47
It's nothing damning, but in the context, it's interesting.

Jordan  50:50
I'm gonna I'm gonna let that one go. I'm gonna let that will go.

Jordan  50:54
I'm not letting it go. I'm building a case.

Jordan  50:56
I think I think you're being a little bit paranoid with that.

Jordan  50:59
I'm not being paranoid but I will say I'm making a mountain out of a molehill Yeah, I agree with that that I'm gonna go with your crazy on but it actually is I leave it in really more to illustrate the fact that as crazy as their bathroom. But look, they've gotten pizza recommendations. They've ordered a garlic not they've gotten a drink. Yeah, and are cheers and each other having a drink. There. They're also I should say, he's picking up the camera and like moving it around. He's clearly broadcasting out of there. Like anybody who was watching him would know what he's doing. He's not being discreet at all. The camera is out of his pocket. It's either sitting on the table with a light. So he can be seen on the camera because it's dark and Comet Ping Pong. So there's a spotlight on him. It's ridiculous. So then here, he has turned off the very bad spy totally. So he's turned off the recording and then it comes back on with this. And it starts up really quick. So pay attention.

Posobiec's friend   52:00
I turned it off. I understand that. I understand that to you. Maybe like a game. But considering that I myself and my staff received death threats it's not

Jack Posobiec  52:11
a game it's not any

Jordan  52:14
fucking game these things that people writing

Jack Posobiec  52:17
I can't control what somebody posts on the internet was on the new Commonwealth.

Posobiec's friend   52:21
I mean, when you posted on the internet, you knowingly now so you're throwing me out? Because Because you're you are eating you're eating a dangerous

Jack Posobiec  52:37
right. So at the point as a point that this started the point that this started, I had turned it off. So denying new

Unknown Speaker  52:46
service or new services once you

Jack Posobiec  52:50
turn it off, I turned it off. Okay. So why specifically? Sir? In Washington. Okay, so we're good. We're good for the scrapping property. Okay. All right. We're gonna we're gonna head up. I'm fully compliant, just trying to find out what's going on.

Jack Posobiec  53:16
Also, can I get that? I mean, you guys are already proud of me. But did you want to add something? Okay,

Jordan  53:31
so, the man that's the manager, kicking, kicking him out, and he copied him, man. I

Jordan  53:38
don't know. I didn't have much to say but, you know, maybe don't be a fucking dick.

Jordan  53:43
That's not a bad thing to say to Jack. But Serbia I want some vegetarian pizza man, why you gotta be a dick about it. So they get thrown out. The manager explains very clearly me and my staff have been getting death threats, right? Think this is a game. And like, I don't think this is a game. I'm just I broadcast all my day. I

Jordan  53:59
can't I can't control it is on the internet. And then yeah, that's what the manager comes back. Cast all my dinners. That's what the manager comes back with his

Jordan  54:06
Are you reading the things that people are saying online? And he's like, I can't control that. You're feeding into it? Yeah, the manager knows it. And your childish game of Oh, no, that's not me. The manager is not having any of that bullshit. Because you are putting people's lives in danger.

Jordan  54:24
That's the little brother like, I'm not touching you. I'm not touching you. Like fucking grow the fuck up.

Jordan  54:29
Yeah, but that's his version of journalism. So he gets kicked out and then him and his buddy go out in the street and I cut all this shit out. Because it's all just like, Oh my God. Yeah, they kicked us out. They kicked us out. Oh, boy. Huh, right. It's nothing in at this point. It's clear. It appears he's more fucked up. Then he was Yeah. Like I don't I don't think I don't know. I don't know what was going on. But he's he's on some sort of substance. I think he was probably high. But anyway, we've now heard

Jordan  55:00
Word that would that would help explain his really poor spy?

Jordan  55:03
Yeah. So we've now heard the entirety of his time in common ping pong pizza, right? Well, you've heard him talk to himself and narrate his time there. We've heard him make a big deal out of the foosball table and then someone brings him the ball just walks completely away from it. We've illustrated that he is having a bright light on himself and filming around the place while he waits for food. Yes, he's given a Russian cheers, which you don't think is a big deal, but I'm gonna hang my hat on you're not gonna say it's a big deal. So now he closes out his interview with Owen Shroyer, and here goes. Hmm.

Owen Shroyer  55:37
And was there anything that you did specifically that would have made them want to deny you service?

Jack Posobiec  55:44
Absolutely not. He said that he found my Periscope. And say your live streaming from inside here?

Jordan  55:52
He didn't. manager didn't say that. No.

Jack Posobiec  55:57
And, and I'm not allowing service. All I did was dinner at comet pizza. I didn't say you know, pizza gate. I didn't say any of the allegations. I said dinner, common pizza, the kind of way you would say, you know, lots of people take pictures and put it on Snapchat, Instagram, that sort of thing. And there are a lot of people around me with smartphones. But for some reason this guy was completely keyed in. And honestly, I think you've been tipped off.

Owen Shroyer  56:25
Yeah, I mean, that's what it would sound like, especially when they've got all kinds of stuff going on, on their social media, all kinds of weird pictures. I mean, we've seen this the type of weird pictures that have been associated with this place. Just final question on your experience there before I move on to the next topic. Did you see any of that weird artwork?

Jack Posobiec  56:42
Oh, yeah, absolutely. Just even as you first walk in, you see, you see this weird sort of demonic artwork on the on just to the inside of the front door. And then as you're walking back, you will see this this face that's just kind of on the wall above one of the tables and it looks like this this sort of some sort of cross between a zombie and like the act you know, the girl in The Exorcist, Linda Blair's character, and and it's just freaky, then as you look back a little further, the wall looked like it had been recently stripped. So there's a possibility that they may have actually taken, taken some of those those paintings down.

Jordan  57:19
What's

Owen Shroyer  57:20
pizza gate? It has been trending on Twitter. Certainly some weird stuff there. We'll see if that trend continues and some of the weirdness that just citizens are reporting on and breaking on social media. We'll see if that catches any ground. Hang

Jordan  57:34
that picture. Rappaport. Yeah,

Jordan  57:35
seriously?

Jordan  57:37
You know, what's the most suspicious rap and I think Rappaport took those pictures down from pizza gate. He's taking pictures down all across this land is an evil picture elf.

Jordan  57:48
If Sobiech was any kind of reporter he would have looked on the ground next to where the picture should have been. Oh, were

Jordan  57:53
they on the ground? No, but

Jordan  57:54
then we have confirmation of the wrap. It was wrapped, wrapped poured out. Hashtag Robert Cordell.

Jordan  58:03
So I remember when I was a kid right around Christmas, my mom would be like, watch out for that Rapaport elf on the shelf right there.

Jordan  58:09
You gotta leave your wooden shoes. Oh, yeah. Before to leave a picture. So, like, Okay,

Jordan  58:16
be careful. You'll get a lump of painting and you're stalking.

Jordan  58:20
We've got nothing. It's absolutely nothing. He has nothing but he does still go on Infowars and do this in this interview. In order to cast aspersions and insinuate all this stuff truly fucking propaganda.

Jordan  58:36
It's awful. That's that's purely lying. How can you not know that they're lying? And the fact that Oh, and Troyer know Owen Troyer just goes along with this like he,

Jordan  58:46
of course, they do know they're lying. This is fucking insane. They 100% know they're lying. They don't care. It's I don't care. I don't think first of all, I don't think Oh, and seen the Periscope because it's long and boring. Yeah. And he doesn't do background. You kidding me? So he's just going along with it. And like assuming that Jack Sobiech is a reliable source, maybe? Yeah, Sobia knows he's lying. He knows that he's locked into this outright fame. It doesn't matter if you're telling the truth. Who gives a shit? Reality is malleable. It's meant to what Milo used to always argue or to post facts world just doesn't matter. Yeah, but that's bad. Oh, it's real bad.

Jordan  59:26
Why? Why does it matter to these people? Is it just is it it's because it seems like with your sobic it is just attention? Yeah. It's just attention. Like attention. Yeah. And people are sociopaths

Jordan  59:39
and seeing your narrative. Seeing people believe your narrative. I think there's a trolling aspect of it that they would never cop to.

Jordan  59:47
Well, you know, I will say I will say this maybe it's more just addiction. What could be because I think well, the whenever you get a like on Facebook or on Twitter, sure there Is that same kind of dopamine? influx? Sure. So all of this attention, maybe they are just really getting off on it. Yeah, they're just doing whatever they can to get more retweets and more likes and to get more, more people giving them this dopamine rush. I could,

Jordan  1:00:16
yeah, it could be like a propaganda version of like this new internet addiction that we we've experienced. And we've seen that's possible. Yeah. I mean, this theory is as good as anything, because there's

Jordan  1:00:26
no, there's no possible reason that because they can't believe in any of this.

Jordan  1:00:31
In his dark moments. He knows he's a liar. But there's no doubt in my mind about it. I've watched tons of videos of him and yeah, he knows. He knows. He knows. Yeah, but in the same way that a frat boy, like, doesn't really give a shit that his whole existence is kind of based on getting women. Yeah, in the same way that they don't really care. He doesn't really care that he's a liar. He's making money. He's the Washington DC chief for rebel media right now. He's like, I don't know if this is true, but it's being reported that he has Whitehouse credentials. Now he does. He was I knew his credentials, but I didn't see confirmation of that. I just knew he was at the White House press briefing.

Jordan  1:01:06
Okay. I don't know. Well, you have to have credentials to get in there. You can you can get de

Jordan  1:01:10
credentials. It doesn't. It doesn't mean you have like across the board credentials, okay. Like Mike Cernovich. Was there for a day. He doesn't have a pass. Right? But like it. My point is that people like this who have no regard for the truth, and just want to insinuate things much like with the macaron shit, right. It's just insinuating things, right. Oh, yeah. He's with his wife because she drugged him and now he's a puppet. Yeah, this stuff that you can't prove. You don't know. It doesn't matter. He's never gonna walk back this pizza gate stuff. He's never gonna walk back the macaron stuff. It doesn't matter. It just makes him more famous. It's fucked up. And he is in the White House. He goes to the White House, because our lives are fucked.

Jordan  1:01:56
I want to go to the White House.

Jordan  1:01:57
I don't know anymore.

Jordan  1:01:58
Oh, I do. I want to pee on something in the White House. It'd be kind of fun. I want to pee on something in the White House. I do doesn't mean anything I do but the White House is meaningless. Our Constitution is meaningless. The Congress if it was worth a shit, it would have already done everything he can to investigate all this shit. Yeah, instead of blocking the investigation at every possible turn. All they fucking want is tax cuts. Why won't you why why?

Jordan  1:02:24
I think it's actually deeper than that. I think so. Yeah, but let's not speculate. We're not fucking for Sobia Okay, sex

Jordan  1:02:30
ring. You heard it here. First. We can go there we go. This is what we need to do. We need to be more sensational. Maybe we need to lie our balls off. And that way you wouldn't even fucking matter. Because why would we hold ourselves to a higher standard when the world is clearly fucking ending?

Jordan  1:02:45
Because what does it benefit a man to gain the world if he loses his soul? Jordan? Shakespeare. So I want you to it's worked

Jordan  1:02:55
out pretty well for Alex Jones.

Jordan  1:02:57
I had everyone we talked. Yeah, exactly. So I want to take Gerald doing better than we are. I just want to take a step back to encapsulate that last piece that he had with Oh, and yeah, that last thing like legitimately he's got nothing. Yeah, all this stuff the like, oh, everyone was creepy there. Yeah, they weren't we I saw the periscope. We heard them. They were just even a little they were just service industry people. Yep. They didn't know what Foosball was. The girl started three days ago. Right most I don't care that she didn't know what Foosball is. Right. That's very believable. Yeah, that's not that's nothing at all. They treated you weird. They gave You're weird. You're weird and that you deserve exactly the weird treatment you got. They give you very polite pizza recommendation. Yes. Your lie is about kids scampering around behind curtains is not true. It's not in the periscope. So when we come to at the end is the only thing that is maybe defensible. And you can't tell from the Periscope because it's shot terribly. And it's dark. But there's a possibility that there's weird art in there.

Jordan  1:03:59
Right? Yeah, like a lot of cool places right

Jordan  1:04:02
now. I want to say first who gives a shit? But second, if that's the only real thing in your argument. You are the most PC fucking pile of shit in the world.

Jordan  1:04:14
That's a good point. If

Jordan  1:04:14
your argument that you can hang your hat on against this pizza place. There's weird art. Okay, there's weird art. Okay, that's you want to censor their art? Yeah. Okay,

Jordan  1:04:25
great. Let's do it. All right. Enjoy every picture right? Every picture belongs on the rapper floor.

Jordan  1:04:32
Never really? I mean that that is really what's going on. Yeah, we don't approve,

Jordan  1:04:36
or we don't even know what their definition of weird art is

Jordan  1:04:40
satanic. Yeah, but but that's meaningless. Fucking it's all meaningless. Yeah, it's all based on the same kiss

Jordan  1:04:48
was Satanic and Jimi Hendrix was satanic knights and Satan sort of a word that makes perfect sense.

Jordan  1:04:54
But so here we go. I mean, that's, I feel personally. All you really need to know about Jack Ma Sobiech he and pretty much in the middle of the pizza gate controversy in quotes. He went to Comet Ping Pong made a very misleading Periscope video about it parlayed it into an interview on Infowars where he lied about it sensationally in order to make it appear that really creepy things happen there when when they didn't. His own source material doesn't backup his reporting. Nope. So he's a shitty journalist. He's a propagandist. But we need to be afraid of him. And he will be a character that comes up again in the future, I'm sure because he doesn't even because well, because like I said, he's going to come up again. He clearly has some sort of a connection to the Yeah, the nationalist movement that's going on, otherwise, he would not have had pre advanced knowledge. He wouldn't have had advanced knowledge of the Mikado sucking

Jordan  1:05:52
blatant because he didn't even bother to take down his own video that is in complete opposition to what it is he's interviewing. He's saying in the interview, like why wouldn't even bother came to you hide your tracks any better that why are we losing? You know why such stupid people?

Jordan  1:06:14
You know why? It's because it's what we keep coming back to it's the Battle of the second step. And they always will when no one looks into things. Yeah. Anyway, this is a shorter episode today. Due to depression, well, yeah, I mean, I can't I couldn't I couldn't get it together. But we'll be back soon.

Jordan  1:06:34
A if I was going to take a summation from this episode, it would be that there is absolutely like they they just they're, they're just sociopaths. They're they're complete and utter sociopaths. They have no they don't care who they hurt. They don't care about anything but themselves. They don't care about each other. They just want to get as much attention for themselves as possible.

Jordan  1:07:01
don't even care about the globalist No, this is they probably know that that's fake. No. Well, I

Jordan  1:07:06
mean, even then, that Alex Jones profile whenever they're talking about the interviews from other people have worked with him. It's just a medium to sell pills.

Jordan  1:07:14
Oh, yes. Being which I tweeted about this. Yesterday, we just check out that New Yorker article or New York Magazine article about Alex Jones talks about the sort of financial stuff in his his business. And it's really interesting, because basically, they're just laying out shit that we laid out one of our first episodes, we scooped the New York Magazine by like, a month.

Jordan  1:07:34
It's really interesting because we're better well, they

Jordan  1:07:37
uncovered that it doesn't cost anything for people to play, Alex's shows dedicated shows like that's a

Jordan  1:07:45
uncovered that

Jordan  1:07:46
could have found that by listening to your number one Alex Jones information source, knowledge fight. We don't dwell on the bullshit. Just the real uncut.

Jordan  1:07:56
Yeah, we should get we should get interviewed a lot more.

Jordan  1:07:59
Hit us up New York mag. Anyway.

Jordan  1:08:03
Guys, if you want to email us

Jordan  1:08:06
New York Magazine.

Jordan  1:08:09
Looking at you, it is knowledge. trade@gmail.com.com is our website. If you want to follow us on Twitter, or if you want to send me a DM Jack per Sobiech. As I know you're listening. It is knowledge underscore fight. Hit me

Jordan  1:08:22
up baby.

Jordan  1:08:23
If you want to download the podcast, you can do that. You can go to iTunes. Yep, you can share it on all kinds of different social media platforms.

Jordan  1:08:32
That'd be great. And if you would like to become a policy wonk, we have a donate button on our website to support the show. You can become a policy wonk

Jordan  1:08:40
if you would like to request a time travel episode, which if Alex Jones continues to be disoriented, and frankly, as I think you've described it as kind of boring, but pretty boring, right? Yeah. So he continues to pull this shit. We're gonna keep doing some time travel episodes until that

Jordan  1:09:02
juggling and dirty dossier. So yeah,

Jordan  1:09:06
Alex probably likes being peed on, right? Yeah, I would give him that. Yeah. Oh, are you like being on Pete?

Jordan  1:09:11
Also, my mom just emailed me a an article from the Austin statesman or The Austin Chronicle. Ah, and apparently, his ex wife, Alex Jones, his ex wife has in a press conference said I will come on your show and talk about our custody trial.

Jordan  1:09:28
On Alex Jones's show,

Jordan  1:09:30
she said she would do it. There's no

Jordan  1:09:31
way. Yes, yeah, please. Yep. That sounds like something Alex is just crazy enough to I give it a 5050 shot.

Jordan  1:09:40
I give it a zero 5050 shot no way because he can't pull the same tricks with her. You know how the people around you you can't act really around them to get really insecure because they know that what's underneath, right seen him in his intimate moments, right? She knows who he is. He can't pull that character shit on him. Should be able to call it out. Oh, there's no Waheed let her on the show.

Jordan  1:10:01
God I want to hear some of that guy was so bad. I want to hear some of that. Hey Alex,

Jordan  1:10:04
stop being a fucking coward and have your ex wife on the show.

Jordan  1:10:07
Hey, Alex Jones, his ex wife fucking come on our show. We will absolutely. Oh, are you kidding me? You're on in an instant? Yeah,

Jordan  1:10:15
well, you're an honorary policy wonk. Anyway, there's been fun Jordan. I'm sorry that the world is the way it is. But it is. We're gonna survive it. Yep. Or we won't know. Either way. get late. Now. Get a bunch of water and canned food people. It's time I recommend

Jordan  1:10:30
everybody travel travel is a good idea. See the world while you can still see the world one way

Jordan  1:10:36
ticket travel. Get out

Jordan  1:10:39
Easter Island. If you donate $1 million or more for our sorrows. We will move to Easter Island and continue doing this podcast from

Jordan  1:10:48
the relative safety of giant heads. I assume we'd live inside one oh, well, Halloween out like like an igloo. Right, right. Or that old lady who lives in a shoe. All right. Anyway, that's been fun. Yes,

Jordan  1:11:00
absolutely. Guys, for everybody who's donated your policy wonks and where you are, and we're happy to join you because we too, are a couple of policy wonk

Andy In Kansas   1:11:11
walks. And DMT Kansas, you're on the air. Thanks for holding. Well, Alex, I'm a first time caller. I'm a huge fan. I love your work.
