Alex Jones  00:00
Andy in Kansas, you're on the air. Thanks for holding. Well, Alex, I'm a first time caller. I'm a huge fan. I love your work.

Dan  00:07
Hey, everybody, welcome back to knowledge fight. I'm Dan. I'm Jordan. We're a couple dudes who like to sit around and drink novelty beverages

Jordan  00:13
which this episode has none because I am a complete and utter failure

Dan  00:18
by the grace of God, Jordan forgot the Coconut,

Jordan  00:22
coconut juice,

Dan  00:23
and I'm so grateful that you forgot it would be discussed. So

Jordan  00:27
you have no idea. They're little chunks of coconut. And I think it's I think it's just water with little jugs of coconut. I'm

Dan  00:32
dreading that two episodes from now,

Jordan  00:34
it would have been nightmarish beyond that,

Dan  00:37
though. We talk about Alex Jones. Oh, we do do that. That's the main thing we do. That's yeah,

Jordan  00:42
I forgot about that. But we can do focus too much on coconut juice. Now

Dan  00:45
we can do the show without the novelty drinks. We cannot do the show without talking about Alex Jones. So, but you know what, this isn't just any Alex Jones block. This is not your granddaddy is Alex Jones. I

Jordan  00:57
don't know what that would entail.

Dan  00:59
I don't know. I don't know that. But anyway, I know a lot about Alex Jones. I don't know anything about Alex Jones. And then we sort of meet in the middle and have a conversation about what the fuck is wrong with that?

Jordan  01:07
That sounds like a good plan. Yeah.

Dan  01:09
And that like that. implemented? Yes. Today what we're going to be going over Jordan, what is Monday, Monday, Monday, June 12. Okay, 2017 this Monday. And it's sort of the culmination of the last we're, let's say four days, five days on his show, where he has been in pre emptive damage control about the Megyn Kelly interview that's coming out on Sunday.

Jordan  01:35
Boy, that seems like a very obvious like, there's some damage that needs to be controlled there.

Dan  01:41
Oh, big time. And he's gone overboard attacking Chelsea Clinton quite a bit.

Jordan  01:46
How is Chelsea Clinton involved?

Dan  01:48
Because she she got involved. She started talking about how Megyn Kelly shouldn't have had Alex Jones on the show. You know, there's a lot of people who have been going around on Twitter and saying that she should not be giving him a platform. Absolutely a valid point. I don't disagree with it to some extent, right. That's not the bridge. We have to cross now. Right? Because that work is done. Yeah, the interview has been done. And it's going to air barring some sort of crazy sponsor pull out. Yeah. And we can't,

Jordan  02:17
which I'm assuming Alex Jones is somehow lobbying those sponsors right now. Like he

Dan  02:22
is yeah, he has gone on Twitter and said like, oh, JP Morgan, you're not advertising. Oh, for real. He

Jordan  02:27
actually has done that.

Dan  02:29
He's like, let's call it off. Let's shelve this thing. No shit, because he wants to fucking show. Of course, that's a win win for him. Oh, yeah. No matter what happens, he wins except for if one

Jordan  02:38
gets the attention that he wants from the liberal Twittersphere go in, like, don't put this maniac on there, which makes his followers even more maniacal in their support for

Dan  02:49
him. And whenever you have people like the sponsors, pulling because he doesn't have sponsors that can pull out really. So he doesn't have that concern. So when you introduce him into the world where sponsors do have a say, you then turn it into a thing where like, oh, sponsors are pulling out? That's right, because I'm so dangerous, right? Everything plays into his hands, except for one very specific thing that I'll be laying out over the course of this episode. Okay, because this is, in essence, the third installment of our how not to cover Alex Jones, our ongoing series that will continue until he's penniless.

Jordan  03:23
It's so fascinating to me the idea that everybody's like, don't give this guy a platform. Yet. Everybody's talking about him. Right? Do you not understand the issue there? It's you're just giving him a platform,

Dan  03:37
right? And attacking him in hacky and mundane ways? Yeah, are playing into his hands intensely, right. I sat down the other night, and I tried to write a Twitter thread about how this is a major opportunity. And if people really want to make headway against Alex Jones, there is a path we can proceed down. But no one is doing it. It's hard. Everyone is just getting mad about Sandy Hook. And I understand why. It's horrible.

Jordan  04:08
We've covered it extensively. It's I think I've done my share of yelling,

Dan  04:12
certainly his denial of the death of those 20 children. Yeah. Is monstrous. It's unconscionable

Jordan  04:20
and and the damage that's done to their families yours,

Dan  04:23
perhaps I mean, there was just a story that came out the other day of a lady who got hurt, basically, was getting death threats to one of the children's parents and she went to jail, and she got probation that included you can't listen to Alex. Wait, what? Yeah, that was in the article. A condition of her probation was released was that you can't listen to Infowars

Jordan  04:43
Wow. But court ordered deprogramming of a cult member.

Dan  04:48
Yeah, to an extent. So all that is awful. And I get why people want to focus on that. But even in that scenario, even in that tiny kernel, there's something so much more important that we need to like the issue that should be pressed on Alex is not. Why do you think that nothing happened in Newtown? Because that's a question he's been ready to answer forever.

Jordan  05:12
Yeah, he's been. He's been preparing for that one absolute show. And I'm sure well, before the interview, they were like, she's going to do this. Yeah.

Dan  05:20
Buckley sat him down and was like, dude, yeah, I'm your cousin. Now you listen to me. That's going to come up,

Jordan  05:27
right. And stop marrying my third wife.

Dan  05:31
Like the ongoing marital troubles of buckling that are based on nothing, nothing.

Jordan  05:36
I just, I just love it. Yeah.

Dan  05:37
So the question that Megan Kelly should have asked in regards to Sandy Hook, and maybe she did I don't know, the whole interview hasn't come out when we're recording this. So I don't I don't know what she asked. And a lot of the things that we have to go on as assumption, past history of TV news specials, right? And the trailer that they put out, the questions you should have asked is set it up by saying, let's talk about your position on Sandy Hook. That puts a trap down for Alex to walk right into, right, because his narrative that he spins now and he spends in the trailer is that we had debates. We heard both sides of it. Sometimes for devil's advocate, we said all these things. Yeah. So you say that, then play him this clip.

Alex Jones  06:25
Yeah, show shandy hook is a synthetic, completely fake with actors. In my view, manufactured I couldn't believe it. At first. I knew they had actors there, clearly, but I thought they killed some real kids. And it just shows how bold they are. That they clearly used actors. I mean, they even ended up using photos of kids killed in mass shootings here in a fake mass shooting in Turkey. Show Yeah. Or Pakistan. The sky is now the limit. I appreciate your call.

Dan  07:00
So you play that clip for him. And that is where the real question is. Which is why are you lying about what you said in the past? It's not about Sandy Hook necessarily. The important question is, Why are you pretending that wasn't your position? It's very publicly available? Yeah, that's a question he's not ready to answer. And it's not an answer, or it's not a question that he can answer without stepping into a huge pile of shit. There's no conceivable answer to it other than I was lying back then. Right. Yeah, I was caught up in propaganda back then. And I pitched this narrative, I didn't think there would be consequences. I didn't realize how bad that would look in hindsight. Yeah. Or he would have to say, I found evidence that it wasn't fake. And I I'm an idiot. I'm sorry. I said those things which he can't do. He can't do

Jordan  07:53
either of them. No. So his position would have to be I was playing devil's advocate, but he wasn't you. You have to listen to that and go, No, he wasn't weren't it wasn't at all. That was unequivocal.

Dan  08:05
He was explaining what he saw the reality as to his audience. He was directly saying it to a listener who was calling in, and everyone else was the surrogates. Yep. They were the surrogate callers who were being trained and taught in the McCobb arts of false flaggers.

Jordan  08:21
And even more important than that was that in that clip, he says, I didn't believe it at first. And now I do so so you can't call that devil's advocate. That's you coming to a realization.

Dan  08:35
Yep. And there has to be something that led him to that. Yeah. But again, it's not to get to like, why are you a monster? How could you deny that hook?

Jordan  08:44
It's why did you lie? Right? Or are you going to apologize

Dan  08:48
for what is the nature of your deceit in this case? Or are you going to say you're wrong? Or I'm dumb? Yeah, I fell for this. Yeah. That is the trap that you would set with that sort of a question. If you ask him. Why would you do that to those families? It sounds like there's going to be an emotional resonance to it. But it doesn't work with him. He's not gonna. He's ready for that. Yeah,

Jordan  09:11
he's a psychopath.

Dan  09:12
He is Yeah,

Jordan  09:13
he is. Well, he has no feelings, no emotions. He thinks he's better than everybody else. And he thinks he's gonna outsmart everybody else and nobody can

Dan  09:21
catch him. We know he has no feelings because he's never laughed. He's never actually laughed. Never. Yeah. So we're gonna get to this episode. There's a couple of fun things. We're going to deal with a lot of damage control about Megyn Kelly, in the in the beginning, then we're going to get to some really fucked up stuff. And at the end of this, I am going to play you a clip that I think indicates that Alex, on our last episode back from 2015, Alex Jones, quote unquote, jumped the shark in in his conception Yeah, in this episode, Alex Jones legitimately invalidates the last 20 years of his career. No shit. Yep. And we'll get to that clip. again so there's a T You son of a bitch as a tease listen to the end. So we're gonna start at the beginning

Jordan  10:05
essentially invalidates our entire our state admission is no longer

Dan  10:12
Well fuck our state admission we don't have coconut and we stopped drinking wine so everything's so here's how Alex started out the show on Monday, June 12.

Unknown Speaker  10:25
Live

Unknown Speaker  10:26
from the infowars.com studios, you're listening to the Alex Jones Show.

Alex Jones  10:33
Ladies and gentlemen stories to all hell is breaking loose. And I couldn't clap victory victory victory victory. Infowars is absolutely dominating and the globalists are so upset. Look at these headlines Chelsea Clinton blast Kelly for Alex Jones interview the hill, Sandy Hook mom blast Megyn Kelly for upcoming Alex Jones interview. Megan Kelly, NBC under fire over sickening Alex Jones interview. This is totally coordinated NBC bull. This is all PR especially out of Megyn Kelly, and Chelsea Clinton. So we know that you know hanging out with this is incredible. And Megan Kelly lied to me and said it wasn't a hit piece said that she wasn't going to get into these topics. And like Trump says better watch out there might be tapes. There's no question about there might be tapes. And I just knew I was walking into a trap. Because MSM doesn't get it no matter what they do, then why did you do ask me they're already discredited. They have the zombies that watch them. But that's it. Everybody else then just gets reminded to the show. So it grows even faster. Only those millions of people see you're in the WikiLeaks talking about Haitians dying because of your foundation, how your mommy and your daddy stole all the money, but you didn't do anything. And all the corruption and Jerry Epstein's pedophile airplane, all of it, you know what I'm gonna do? I'm just going to come back in the next segment. And I'm going to lay out a whole Megyn Kelly headpiece and what how they're going to edit it and what they're going to do, because I already know, already know,

Dan  12:19
I kind of already know too. We all kind of know what the format of it is gonna take. It's gonna be essentially the same attempt at Gotcha. There's gonna be him obfuscating. Of course, he knows, we all know. Yeah, what the what the what the essence of the interview will be. Nice jabs on Chelsea Clinton there. He really should stop bringing up Jeffrey Epstein's plane, because Trump was on it to like he just whenever he brings up how Clinton was on the quote unquote, Lolita Express, like Trump, but did too. They were friends also. You can't, you can't just like oh, no, I'll just ignore that part of it. So he has to frame the interview as a hit piece that's important to his his narrative working. And maybe that's fair. I don't know.

Jordan  13:06
I mean, it has to be a hit piece. Do you think there's no, there's no other way to organize it? Right. Well, do you mean like one more in reality? No. In reality, like, how would you how would you do a puff piece on Alex Jones?

Dan  13:20
I wouldn't do a puff piece. But I don't think I think I could do a piece that wasn't a hit piece. I think I think certainly I if I were given like if NBC let me interview Alex, I wouldn't be doing it as a hatchet job. Right. But I would destroy him.

Jordan  13:36
How is that not a hatchet job that because I

Dan  13:39
would also seek to here's what I would seek to do.

Jordan  13:45
Seek and Destroy. First off by Iggy Pop, I

Dan  13:47
would play that as my interview with a weird walk in the bass. Yeah,

Jordan  13:51
no, none of that.

Dan  13:53
What I would do is my approach, and I think this is what Megan Kelly should have done. Outside, I would have left the Sandy Hook stuff alone, this stuff that we talked about at the beginning. If you have to bring it up, that's the approach you should take. I would seek to explain to him and to illuminate to the audience, the link between his past and his propaganda. That's what I would seek to do. If I were doing a story on him. It would not be a hit piece in the in the sense that I want to, you know, like score points off him or something like that. But I would try to make clear all of your toxic masculinity. All of these things that you have about I'm a man by all of that is very easily traced back to your relationship with your mother, that you've explained yourself on the air. I would lay that out. Further, I would lay out

Jordan  14:44
God that would blindside him beyond belief further, I

Dan  14:48
would lay out you're a bigot. I know you don't want to believe that. But you are. You think that you've been beaten up by black people more than Martin Luther King has been beaten up by white people. You think that you're the new Martin Luther King. You have real problems with race. And you. Maybe you don't say the N word on air, or maybe not even in your private life? I don't know. But that doesn't matter. You embody horrible racism. Yeah. Now look at your past. You think that you were beat up all the time by black people? When you were a kid? Not realizing that you were a problem, kid. You were a fucking shithead kid?

Jordan  15:28
Yeah. Also, how many how many comas do you have to put other people in before it invalidates any

Dan  15:35
before you looking in the mirror? Yeah. But see, I would take those stories that he's told on the air of being like, targeted for his whiteness and be like, Do you realize how the way that you deal with race now mirrors that childish idea that you had when you were a kid? Do you realize that all of your anti feminist ideas kind of route, they take root in that you have to be a man, you can't be a mama's boy, you don't get love anymore? kind of stuff? That's what I would do. I would just lay it all out there. I'd

Jordan  16:05
be like, let's get into this.

Dan  16:07
What do you think? What do you think? Right? And hopefully, there'll be some opera. I mean, he would just scream at me but well, and

Jordan  16:12
that's and that's the shit like, that's the way that you would have to because because that would do the thing that the the thing that he would hate the most, that would immaculate him. Well, and that is far more damaging to his listenership. Because their entire, like, well, not their entire but his audience, as you've noted in the past, is mostly white

Dan  16:39
dudes. It's about 80%. White, and 70 something percent dudes.

Jordan  16:44
Yeah. And that is the most damaging thing. Yeah, like for his listeners, the idea of

Dan  16:51
his audience isn't like 90%. White.

Jordan  16:54
Yeah. Well, instead of instead of trying to catch him in a lie, or catching him in a, you know, why are you so evil? It's, are you really just a pussy? Well, did you ever consider that? You're a coward acting out?

Dan  17:10
I don't like that phrasing, first of all the pussy stuff. But also,

Jordan  17:13
I don't like using the word Plessy in this regard. But again, I don't that is the language that would emasculate him more than anything else.

Dan  17:21
I appreciate where you're coming from. But here's the distinction I would make, I would not be seeking to emasculate him. But he would feel emasculated based on his own twisted worldview, I would be seeking to actually give him a more robust view of race and masculinity that are much more integrated into the reality of the world as opposed to his abused child's understanding of like, clearly. I don't know this is This is fucked up. But clearly something happened to him. And it arrested his his development. Yeah, that is what happened. I mean, that's very simple to see. So all of his understandings about the way people interact, the way the world works, is childish. The idea of globalists is fucking childish to begin with. And you take it you take it further, but it that's what I would want to get out of the interview.

Jordan  18:14
I think I would just do the Psychopath Test with him. Like, like, ask him those questions word for word and be like, Hey, you scored? You're a murderer. Did you consider that score? Have you considered that? Are you a murderer?

Dan  18:26
Probably wears knock.

Jordan  18:28
Yeah. That would be my first question.

Dan  18:32
Nick, just be like, like, you'd be like Barksdale. Wallace. Yeah.

Jordan  18:41
Did you fuck Buckley's wife?

Dan  18:44
These are questions we need answered. Yeah. So I guess actually, to sum it up, what I would say is it's less emasculation and more infantilization, I would want him to be able, that's a better way to put I would want him to be able to connect with the child the pain, the child version of himself, that he clearly is acting out with. And because it's, you know what, okay.

Jordan  19:04
Don't you think that would make him a sympathetic figure, though?

Dan  19:09
No, because the damage he's done is so severe, that it would take a tremendous amount of work for him to ever become sympathetic again. Because once you get through that part, where it's like, this is the roots of so much of your bigotry, so much of your stupid positions that you have. So much of your twisting of the truth is to match these infantile ideas about the world. Once you break through that, then you can pile in with the Why do you feel the need to lie about Sandy Hook? Yeah, because then you can like you've destroyed him. Yeah. Then you can get in with the like, oh, okay, what about this, you realize that the state of the conservative movement right now is going to take away health care for women that really need it and a lot of it is not totally your fault, but you played a massive role in perpetuating that Planned Parenthood myth that the center of For medical progress, put out you just mirrored it propaganda. Stickley, do you realize all the damage that you've done to our international standing to our actual economy once this bubble starts to go down a little bit? Yeah. Just by your cheerleading for Trump. Do you understand? Do you understand?

Jordan  20:17
Do you understand and then he

Dan  20:19
then he would take they would take away a lot of the sympathetic pneus of it. Yeah.

Jordan  20:23
I just I it's it's such a fucking shit show to watch to watch this reaction. Based on this this entire interview? Yeah, it's it's just that same fucking like you say something inflammatory. And then you get outraged. Yeah. And then the outrage goes back to the other side. And you just ping pong outrage. And nobody ever actually deals with the fucking problem.

Dan  20:51
Well, to some extent, because it's a ping pong is a game we're used to playing. Yeah, you know, it's it's a it's a traditional structure that, you know, like you said, you get you say something fucked up, I get mad. You get mad that I'm mad at you. And it just goes back then

Jordan  21:06
everybody pays attention. And then everybody forgets immediate and

Dan  21:10
a number of the players make a good amount of money off it. Yeah, there is that dance that is really, really customary. Even Even though Alex thinks of himself as such an alternative media figure. He's still very willing to play that game.

Jordan  21:26
It's a money making game. I mean, it's true. It's proven to be very effective.

Dan  21:30
Right? But the reality is, you need to not play that game. Yeah, that game can't be played with someone like Alex. Like he is too dangerous.

Jordan  21:39
And he's only he's only Yeah, now the whole thing. The whole thing is a mess. Yeah. And that's the that's the other thing that you just you just described in your interview, something that TV news does not do, which is just play the clip. Just make you sit there and listen to your words. I would

Dan  21:57
love to watch Alex's face while that Sandy Hook clip.

Jordan  22:00
Oh God, I'd

Dan  22:01
be jerking off right in front of him. He would be he'd be jelly and sweaty. Oh, just he would walk out probably like

Jordan  22:09
that's your that's your better interview is Alex Jones can't handle something they could have which again, immaculate Alex Jones you can sit there and take you know you can have your come on Gallagher moment. Yeah, exactly. With Alex. Yeah, that's the and that's the whole thing again, you can dish out all you want because you're a bully. Yeah. But the moment you get challenged you run away. Yeah. Your Alex is a coward.

Dan  22:35
I say this with all sincerity. I wish they would have let me interview him. Yeah, no, right. It would be the

Jordan  22:44
greatest I would be in the background. Just barely, barely audible just giggling like a lunatic.

Dan  22:51
Yeah. Drives me nuts. We're one clip and we got to get to it. Yeah, that's a good point. So this next clip is Alex explaining that he thinks he was lied to about the premise of the interview. I don't think that's okay. That can't

Alex Jones  23:07
be possible. No, it's simply amazing to see them. And of course, Megyn Kelly interviewed me for four hours. She had a crew here from 930 in the morning till 1045 At night, interviewing me that some house they rented and a barbecue place they rent it out and here at my office, so they can edit it down to 11 minutes and then I saw their promo piece. I know it's edited questions together. I'm not saying it's Katie Couric level at least till I see the broadcast but they even lit me from one side villain lighting. Villain lighting. Why didn't you put a flashlight undermining chin? Oh, look, she gets normal lighting. I get villain lighting. Maybe you just look like any light is cute. Isn't that your eyes are on and on and on and her on the phone. It's not a hit piece. I'm obsessed with you. I want to get a steak with you. I want to get dessert. I said Megan, I know you're a lawyer and I hit awkward and you're coming in here to do a hit piece off known talking points. It's gonna be Sandy Hook pizza gate, blah, blah, blah. She's no no, I might let you clarify those. But that's not what it's about. And then she'd asked me each of those things five times. So she could try to get some answer. She could stitch together. Amazing.

Dan  24:28
So let me read between the lines on that. You aren't? Don't you look like you want to yell something? Megyn Kelly?

Jordan  24:34
told Alex. She is obsessed with him.

Dan  24:39
Right? I'm sure that that means that what she actually said was I find you fascinating or something like that. You're a crazy person. I'm sure you'd be very interesting. Also probably like, hey, we can go get a steak. You know, go get some dinner. I'm coming down to Austin. Yeah, show me some Texas or something like that. Good. I bet. I bet there was a call. I bet there was a conversation like that like not we Don't just have to do the interview. Let's let's get comfortable talking to each other

Jordan  25:04
make out a little bit making Kelly's too classy.

Dan  25:09
So the other stuff is like the villain lighting stuff I've seen the show doesn't look that villainous. It's just kind of the standard 2020 news magazine type interview footage he's just really

Jordan  25:23
doesn't believe that he looks terrible. Yeah, that's that's what he really he can't process that but

Dan  25:29
it's his way of like shilling his products even when you bring them up? Yeah, like I don't look that bad. I'm on Super Male Vitality, right? Female vitality is so funny. The other thing, just admitted it's the same shit. Sorry. The other thing that's really important is like, she kept asking me the same question over and over again. And we know why. He

Jordan  25:53
is certain enough she she asked me a question and I didn't answer it. And then she was like, Hey, could you answer this question? And I continued to not

Dan  26:01
answer. Let's play it out. I'll be Alex you'd be making Okay.

Jordan  26:04
Um, how? How do you feel about all the damage that you've done to the Sandy Hook victim

Dan  26:09
any damage that I've done is not even close to the damage that's going to be done by fish people. They're coming there in tanks. They look really sad. They've got human sadness in their faces. Now, how do you feel about that?

Jordan  26:20
I'm about as bad as the Sandy Hook victims. Why you asked me about Sandy Hook again. Yeah, but how do you feel about the damage you've done to the Sandy Hook victims? I don't know why you keep bringing this up. I mean, cuz I think our listeners and our viewers want to know it.

Dan  26:36
And this is unprofessional.

Jordan  26:39
All right, I'll change tax. Why do you fucking shit all over how I look? People? I'm fucking Megan Kelly. I'm gorgeous. You know what? I

Dan  26:48
just realized? That Megan is gorgeous. She is a beautiful one. But also the secret of 2017. May. You might. You might have been right.

Alex Jones  27:03
We laughed.

Dan  27:04
We laughed in January when the secret of 2017 was making Kelly. But apparently, it turns out that's yeah, you might have been on something. Yeah. So I'm certain his presentation of what the interview is, and her setup of it is very wrong. Yeah. But he has some other thoughts you want? Who could

Jordan  27:24
have guessed that we would have guessed who would have assumed it was wrong?

Dan  27:28
The this next clip is Alex trying to explain why the Democrats in the world are mad about his interview, so that it

Alex Jones  27:37
gets more hype to try to prop up her flagging show. Only gave her a 15 minute interview lag so that she couldn't sit there and edit it together. So she needs this big win. And then Chelsea of the criminal Clinton Foundation weighs in. Oh don't give this guy attention. Oh, oh, like I need attention on your stupid network. Unbelievable. Incredible. Absolutely ridiculous. And as usual, they've walked right into our trap.

Jordan  28:13
Oh, yeah. Why would you do a villainous laugh after protesting about your villain

Dan  28:19
and talking about I have a trap. Yeah, you don't have a trap out? Yeah, no. But also like that strikes me so much as I didn't want to play kickball anyway. Yeah, no, I'm

Jordan  28:30
taking my ball and going oh,

Dan  28:32
I don't need your stupid network

Jordan  28:33
look just because you're mad that I always win doesn't mean that you get to tear me down right?

Dan  28:40
I can just imagine he was that kind of fucking kid. Ah sort of bully him. I don't actually really want to bully I don't like bullying. But so yeah, that is actually in that clip, he said one thing that I kind of do agree with. And that is that a lot of the outrage about it is serving to get more hype for the interviewer salutely And whether that's intentional or not, is another thing right? I don't I'm not sure if I believe that there's a plot on the part of NBC to like, hey, let's anger people. Maybe there is

Jordan  29:19
I mean, it's it guarantee I guarantee so many people will watch that. Sure. So many people are gonna watch that. It's going to have very good ratings. No, no shit. And that is why probably do a lot to the extreme outrage machine. Yeah, like, you want to watch it? Yeah. And I kind of want to watch it.

Dan  29:42
We have to for our

Jordan  29:43
work. I'm not going to they would run it would ruin our basic premise. Yeah, exactly. Where are we going to cover it? That would be great. If we just were like fuck didn't happen.

Dan  29:53
Yeah. Fake News. Fake news. Yeah, totally. I mean, you have a built in audience of whatever couple how 100,000 People listen to Alex regularly Yeah, because his audience is not nearly as big as he thinks it is.

Jordan  30:05
I could not hate the Chelsea Clinton shit more. Yeah, like the people who say Hillary should go away. Fuck you. Hillary should not go away. She is the avatar for why the fuck are you white supremacist? hating on women so goddamn much totally. But Chelsea Clinton should go the fuck away. I don't need any more political dynasties. I'm done with the bushes. I hope they all go away. I hope they all get hit by a truck. I'm done with the Kennedys I'm done with where the whole point is not to have a goddamn monarchy. Well, here's why do we have one?

Dan  30:43
Here's the thing. I think the Kennedys are done for the most part. Second, I don't think that Chelsea is necessarily engaged in electoral politics. I don't know.

Jordan  30:53
She's been asked if she's intimated that perhaps she'll run.

Dan  30:57
She's been asked if she's going to run and she said no. Oh, did she? Yeah,

Jordan  31:01
because she's kind of had a few. I've seen a few where she's like, at this time, I'd have no plans on

Dan  31:08
zero to Mark Zuckerberg scale. She's a one. Oh, God, I

Jordan  31:11
hope Mark Zuckerberg goes away too.

Unknown Speaker  31:13
So but like,

Unknown Speaker  31:14
I don't think it's fair

Dan  31:14
to say here is a person who has lived her entire adult life in the realm of politics and has gotten involved in nonprofit NGO organizations and has opinions on things. I don't think there's any reason to tell her to shut up. I agree with you that I don't like the idea of her running for office necessarily because of the same reason the dynasty shit, but there's no reason for her to go away. And I can No she's in I agree with you completely. Okay, full stop.

Jordan  31:46
It's disappointing because I want my I want my

Dan  31:50
bushes are a much bigger problem because there's a guy with them who are still

Jordan  31:54
fuck off bushes. Yeah. Now I just I know. I know. I'm wrong. I know I'm wrong. But I have this very visceral emotional reaction to anytime it's like, Oh, what is Mike Huckabee his daughter have to say? I hope she gets hit by a fucking car. I don't care. She's way

Dan  32:11
better at this shit than him.

Jordan  32:12
He's way better at this show.

Dan  32:14
Maybe he was the problem. Yeah. Sarah Huckabee Sanders is talented. Anyway, I don't know I, of course, dynasties are bad

Jordan  32:24
dynasties are bad. That's my point. My point is not to like if

Dan  32:28
she were to enter like a Senate race. Senate might even be okay. But if you were going to run for president, I would not be I would be against that. Yeah. Well, I'm against the Senate as well. The entirety of it. I'm against the currently Yeah, certainly. Okay, so this next clip, Alex Cox out NBC talks about how great he is, which is pretty standard fare for him.

Alex Jones  32:50
You say? You think I need you? Yes. You think you say you make me arrive? Oh, you cancel him. Don't show it. It's so horrible. That's all to get people to tune in that there's a controversy. Just like with the Passion of the Christ. Oh, don't go see it. Don't go watch it

Jordan  33:12
is federal Passion of the Christ. That's how the Roman got criticized

Alex Jones  33:20
for it theorist Alex Jones. She knows she needs us for the ratings. She needs my fame, the fame of liberty, your fame. They know where the operating system of Trump, they know where the reboot of 1776 they know you are the light in the dark of the night and they don't like you. And so they want to make you think we're losing and we're failing because Trump is losing and failing. It's all a bunch of hype. trillions in the stock market hundreds of billions of new jobs continents way up securing the border all these great none. With a bunch of white hatching and complaining, it's a joke. We'll be back though, with what Ivanka Trump had to say. I can't wait to hear that

Jordan  34:08
feedback with God dammit. I hate the world we live in.

Dan  34:13
I mean, your screaming was totally right. None of that is true. Or it's all super vague stuff. Except for maybe the I mean, this I checked into it. The small business optimism index is still pretty high. But that's also mean even in the articles about it specifically says it's mostly because these companies are not going to have to pay health care. Yeah, so that isn't I don't like that being high. But also

Jordan  34:34
his does not bode well for us.

Dan  34:37
Also passionate of the Christ is the top rated movie of all time. Yeah, no, no, yeah, it's number 32.

Jordan  34:44
Haven't you ever seen a Passion of the Christ? The repricing? No, I've never seen the sequel that was the direct to video sequel. But it was it started Pauly Shore

Dan  34:56
so it's number 32 Number 30 Toke crucify the weasel number 33 is The Secret Life of Pets. Wait around there? So I was thinking about it was like Hey Alex, mate, mate, what do you might have been saying is it set a box office record that has beat been beaten since them? Right? That's what I was trying to be super fair, passionate Christ came out in 2004. Number 30 is Lord of the Rings Return of the King that came out in 2003. So that can't work. Number 24 is Jurassic Park that came out in 1993. And it just doesn't work. Lion King is a team that came on 94. It never was even close. Probably not even in the top five.

Jordan  35:38
Yeah, but among Christian evangelicals, that's mainly what he started like I remember. Yeah. I remember when my parents when it came out. My parents were a part of a whole church movement where it's like, we have to go see The Passion of the Christ to support Christian values being put out in the world I by my liberal Christian, yeah, you mean

Dan  35:59
the wildly anti semitic characters that okay, sorry. Sorry. Actually, the Passion of the Christ brings up something kind of interesting. My dad is a religious studies professor, and he wrote an op ed piece for the campus or not campus paper with the city paper in Columbia, where were we lived at the time. And I was I was in Columbia, Missouri. Yes, I was in college at the at the University of Missouri at the time, and I was walking by the speaker circle, which is a place where you know, it's supposed to celebrate free speech. You'd have protesters out there a lot, but basically, it was just for this insane preacher named Brother Jed to scream at people already big fans, your whores that sort of stuff. Already. Big fan. Yeah. Real fun for a day. And then super annoying. Yeah, of course. But I was walking by and I heard him screaming about my dad. I was like, though, this is a twist. I didn't even know my dad had written this article about the passion of it. So I went into his room screaming about how like, you can't expect to find truth at an institution where religious studies is taught by Professor freezin. And I was like, Whoa, oh, right, my man. So I asked him like after he got done preaching civic notoriety, I like it after he got done preaching. And he was having a cooldown period. I walked up to him was like, hey, you know, like, I was curious. Like, you're screaming about my dad. I was just wondering, you know, is like, what are you talking about? Like you yelling about? You know, Professor freezing? Away from Me spawn of Satan. All right.

Jordan  37:33
Oh, god, that's good stuff.

Dan  37:35
Yeah. So that's the kind of stuff that real Passion of the Christ fans love. Also, Alex, your audience is way smaller than you pretend. If you really look into it. His numbers are miniscule. Yeah, I recently checked back in on Quantcast to see if he had been growing at all. And he's not No, no, no, not really, at all.

Jordan  37:55
How does I his profile is so fucking high for such a meaningless number of people listening. It's so It's so insane that he has this much influence to the point where he can be in the entire national consciousness. He is in the zeitgeist. Yeah, for a guy with not not the magazine. No, no, we can't get there now. I don't even know if anybody can get there now beyond I don't know The

Dan  38:24
Passion of the Christ. Yeah. Feasel Yeah. Because like, Guys, Jim could weasel

Jordan  38:30
he was he was great in that movie with

Dan  38:33
another thing? Yeah.

Jordan  38:37
No, he, he's, he's nothing. He's really nothing. And somehow he's turned that super small audience into a just like a constant talking point, less a valuable thing.

Dan  38:54
Well, do you know the reason I think is because his actual audience is much larger than his going to his website and actually listening to him audience. There are a lot of people who don't listen to him who are instinctively agreeing with Yes. Okay. And so the damage that's being done and the chicanery that's being done by his actual I listen to him fans, it resonates with the people who don't listen to him, but are already on that page. Yeah. The bigots of the world. Well, it's time sure

Jordan  39:24
I'm sure any white nationalist white supremacist, which somehow numbers very high in our country? Yeah. Let's seize seize that, that fucking asshole on TV saying, you know, Hillary for prisoner whatever it is. And immediately that is something they agree with. So by him disseminating this, he extends his reach through. Yeah, I get it.

Dan  39:51
And that's the argument against having him on. Megyn Kelly, of course, you see that makes the most sense is that there are late He bigots who will be exposed to him, and he will get some it's backwash. But he's gonna get some liquid out of this. Right. It's it's all bad.

Jordan  40:13
It's all bad coconut juice of backwash, right. Yeah.

Dan  40:17
Jordan. Yes. The main piece. The piece de resistance in this episode is what I would describe as a massive rant in the middle of the episode, of course, and I've split it up into two parts, just because otherwise it'd be like seven minutes long. This is where Alex is in full on martyr mode. He is prophesying his own demise.

Jordan  40:43
Oh, yeah, of course, he's gonna die. They're gonna target him. And this is he tells the truth too much. But this

Dan  40:49
is where I'm talking about the damage control. Like all the rest of this stuff is just the so far has been like distractions. Megyn Kelly sucks, right? Your show sucks. All this stuff is just dismissiveness, I have a bigger audience. They need me, blah, blah, blah. It's all ego stuff. But at this point, it gets to like, I gotta, I gotta make sure Oh, no, I gotta make sure people know that I'm laying my life down intentionally. Because he knows that it's going to be bad. He knows that there's, like I was telling you before we started recording, I have a very strong theory that he accidentally said something on camera that he knows he shouldn't have. I think that he exposed himself in a way that Megan Kelly probably didn't realize that he was what he said. I'm gonna guess it won't be in the actual interview. But if I watched all four hours about raw footage, I would find it Yeah, I like Oh, shit. There it is. Yeah, I'm certain he knows that. He said something. And he's worried that it'll be in the actual thing. Not to the extent of like, globalist aren't real, or something like

Jordan  41:50
that. That would be fucking fantastic. That'd be amazing. Just it just it one in one clip. Like he's just like, you know, all of this shit I say is dumb. Yeah, I don't believe any of this nonsense.

Dan  42:03
Let's go get a steak begun.

Jordan  42:04
Come on, let's get a steak. We're playing the game here.

Dan  42:09
It's nothing like that. But I'm pretty certain based on his, his attitudes, that he's, he knows that he's in jeopardy, I believe. Anyway, here's the rant. Here's my

Alex Jones  42:21
message. And I'm gonna get into it more to Megyn Kelly, Chelsea Clinton and all these other sea hags on the New World Order.

Jordan  42:28
hates women.

Alex Jones  42:31
I'm not trying to get out of this alive, dumb asses. You don't need to start. I'm not trying to get out of this a winner in your system. I'm here to bring you down. I'm here to make you pay for the wars and the lies and the corruption and the Clinton Foundation.

Dan  42:50
All of it interesting list.

Alex Jones  42:54
Missing the main calculation. So

Jordan  42:56
I wanted wars lies and the Clinton Foundation, a charitable organization regardless of a

Dan  43:03
very bad book, though. Yeah, that title. I wanted to I wanted to pause it right there because I agree not with anything he's saying except for what he said right there at the end. That is, this is why you missed the calculation. And I agree that everybody who covers him, misses what his priorities are. He is, to a certain extent, a kamikaze pilot, there is a reckless abandon about his public self image. He doesn't give a fuck if he's on NBC talking about how he doesn't believe in Sandy Hook. Yeah, he has a spin for it in place. He what he would care about is is much different than that. What he would care about is the deconstruction of his ego and the deconstruction of the globalist myth. Those two things would really put him in jeopardy. The everything else is just nonsense. You want to bring up 911 to him. He's had 17 years 16 years to really really put some varnish on that piece of shit right? He has he has it all down all the conspiracy stuff he's ironclad on so you do miss the calculations. Whenever you're approaching him that way.

Jordan  44:12
I but it's just because he's so far outside of what it is they can conceive of right like Megyn Kelly and and be like, the greater media at large is, is still bound by a lot of things. And they can't imagine somebody completely unbound by it. Like even Fox News still clings to some of those old ways. Yeah, some of those like we have to at the very slightest have some sort of underpinning some sort of fact, some sort of small little thing that we can kind of glom on to, and Alex does not care. No, no, he'll just he will just make shit up. Haukeland if you think you can catch him in that making shit up. He's gonna Mix it up about that. Yeah, totally. It is a never ending cycle. And there's there's no like and that's the thing you think in a normal for a normal media figure, sooner or later there's going to be a break. There's going to be a moment where you have something to hold on to. And Alex is nothing Alex is fucking smoke on the wind. Here's why loud shitty smelling mail, the toxic vitality take x Oh, he is he is a whiff of X body spray.

Dan  45:36
But here, here's why that's the case in all conventional news and almost every other facet of people who are pontificating or whatever. They have forces that keep them in check, like sponsors, like the network like FCC. Yeah, Alex Jones legit doesn't like he probably does have some sort of a billionaire benefactor that's backing him up. There probably is something like that you would assume so. But beyond that he sells his own

Jordan  46:03
same way that Mercer backs up or right bumps up Breitbart? Yeah. Yeah, there's got

Dan  46:09
to be something like that behind the scenes because I its finances can't work otherwise. But be that as it made, the rest of it is he sells his own products that he, you know, ostensibly has a warehouse that he ships everything himself. He doesn't have sponsors that would ever betray him. He's syndicated by a shady gold salesman who wrote owns a radio network. That's basically just Alex. So he's not going to abandon him. That's his cash cow. Yeah, he's

Jordan  46:36
got nothing to lose either. He is broadcast on a bunch of station boycott, a gold thing that you've never heard of good luck.

Dan  46:44
Yeah. So but then he's broadcasts on a bunch of radio stations that are under FCC control. But if those go away, who gives a shit? Yeah, he's not getting paid for that. There's no syndication fee for Infowars stuff. So he's not losing money there. And if every single one of his radio affiliates got lost, that'd be the best thing ever for him. He could claim that he's the biggest victim of censorship in the world. It would cause mass migration to his website. It would cause such a great swell of like the globalists are coming. They're making their move. I need you to buy my product. Yes, he doesn't lose any money,

Jordan  47:18
share my YouTube videos, do all of this stuff, because I can't get the message out any other wack right. So

Dan  47:25
all of these other people, even Sean Hannity, even Rush Limbaugh, all of these people have very serious market pressures that stop them from being out and outliers and bullshit artists. People can boycott their sponsors, people can make threats, things like that. The free market can touch them. Alex really can't except by the people who have been tricked by him stopping buying his products. And the likelihood of that is very low. Yeah. So

Jordan  47:53
again, cult deprogramming Yep, like you can't, you're you're much more likely to get a mass suicide than you are a mass exodus.

Dan  48:01
Yep, totally. So if you come at him with like this idea that you're going to shame him in some way that you would do somebody who has the same market pressures. You're delusional, he's never going to crack to that. Yeah, he's only going to crack the threats to his masculinity threats to his ego or threats to his globalist myth. Yeah. And even that third one is iffy, because he could just start yelling about a bunch of bullshit. That probably isn't real, right that you haven't researched?

Jordan  48:28
Yeah. It's like, it's like putting a psychopath on trial for, like, 30 murders. If you can't definitively prove each and every one, he's going to deny them. Yeah, he's going to deny all of them for 20 years, you can put them in jail. He's just going to deny them because no matter what he thinks he's smarter than you. Yep. He thinks he's better than you and that you are less of a human being than he is. So it's, yeah, yeah.

Dan  48:56
The idea of trying to shame a psychopath is mind boggling. Yeah. Like you just don't understand that can't shame the shameless. Yeah, exactly. It's fucking shameless as hell. Trump has never been ashamed of anything. Nope. And that's where like, find like, yeah, the deep and Alex calls to the deep in Trump right? Within their souls. Anyway, let's get back to this rant. May

Alex Jones  49:18
precision guided Evie munition coming in on top of you? I'm here to stand up for the innocence. I don't like you. Don't like you getting away with you make me sick. So I hit the barber. And everybody else comes in over me. Have you seen what we've done? How talk radio now? Sounds just like me. Have you seen how the president sounds just like me? You see now Steven Bannon sounds just like me. No. Have you seen how the whole paradigm globally shifting and you can't hold it back? You can destroy leaders. You can destroy me, but you can't stop the signal. of Americana. And all I did was bring back Americana Renaissance 2.0. Showing that freedom, prosperity, American Renaissance, justice, a

Jordan  50:12
lot of Renaissance God will counter resin Renaissance

Alex Jones  50:17
compassion can ship friendship, duty to your globalism, a bunch of vampires that hate each other screwing everyone over. Trying to be the top Yertle the turtle on your power trips,

Jordan  50:33
what I'm gonna need that

Alex Jones  50:36
my ego isn't big. My vision of humanity is big. My ego is in humanity. My ego is in the genetics. My ego is in my ancestors, my family, my children, like us, your progeny, yours together. I love humanity. Because I'm so selfish. I believe in it because I know it's me. And it's you and us together. It sounds completely selfish. And you have no idea because you don't know God.

Dan  51:06
So this is where we'll take our first break. Yeah, this gets back to his my ancestors are me white kind. Well, no, but who cares about that part of it for right now? Because it's even weirder that it is even when he does talk often about how like your offspring are just you and like race memory and stuff like that. That's true. I believe that he thinks that you live on through your ancestors. I think that that is okay. This

Jordan  51:35
is a new fun wrinkle.

Dan  51:36
I think that that might be what he's getting. It's hard to tell with Alex often when he's talking metaphorically or literally, but he's brought this up enough times that I think when he talks about like, I'm being selfish, and being selfless trying to let the species continue I'm being selfish because I am the species and I don't think he means my genes will carry on. I think he thinks my great grandson will be me. Okay, or something along those lines. All right. There's some sort of a reincarnation thing going on that

Jordan  52:08
I buy him believing in reincarnation of some sort.

Dan  52:10
It's possible but if he does, it's really stupid to do doesn't just spell it out because that's not too weird thing to believe

Jordan  52:16
we all Yeah, but if you if you espouse ostensibly Christian beliefs, ostensibly, yeah, well as as we've documented not really, god damn it if we know what he actually believes is weird sec, sure as fuck is in Christianity.

Dan  52:30
So the other thing in that clip, it's really important is he's talking about like, do you notice that talk radio is becoming me? The President has become me. And it's not fair. It's not real. It's not true. That he's become Bannon.

Jordan  52:48
Yeah, I think that I think you're right. That's a much better way of putting it.

Dan  52:51
Alex was a latent bigot. And he is in our investigation in 2015. If we flashback to that time period, he never says Americana. He never says Renaissance 2.0. He never talks about any of the things that he talks about now. He's a completely different person. In terms of the the like, the catchphrases, the the memes, as it were, that he throws out Rudel, those little speech memes that he has completely different. And it all changes with Trump. He did not like everybody has not become him, he has become part of all that. Now, unfortunately, it is sort of homogenous to a certain extent, all of it, which is white nationalism. These people have that in common. Their priority is straight white Christian men. That is what like, that is the thread that ties between the the rebel media right the Alex Jones, the Zero Hedge the, the and

Jordan  53:53
that's and that's another thing that and we were we were texting about this, I have the specific Autistics in front of me on NBC on any major network. They were never they will never actively point out. This is a white nationalist movement. No, not and that's they'll point out the white nationalists, Nazis, those small groups. I'll never point to the fact that we're not how dapper they look. Yeah. But they'll never point out that it is the entirety. Yeah, it is not a small amount. It is not these fringe groups. Yeah, it is either. Those guys are just the ones who are out about it. That's it. Yeah. And

Dan  54:31
that's the reality that my my hypothetical interview with Alex Jones would also take on is that I would like to elucidate to the audience, that he doesn't care about the conspiracy theories nearly as much as he cares about white identity and masculinity. Yeah, those are two things that he really really cares about when he gets worked up. It's usually about those things. Yeah. So to my estimation from my now six months of intense research on him, Oh, you poor bastard. Why Operating theory that I think is bearing out is the conspiracy stuff is intentional. It's a glittery, seductive element to get people to pay attention and think that he is someone who tells the truth about stuff. Then once you're in all of these white narratives start to come up all of this victimhood narratives, everything about how like white people with a real oppressed race. Yeah, that sort of stuff. It all comes up. And that's the main function of what he's doing. He's tricking people into buying his survival goods, formerly gold. And then now also, more importantly, radicalizing dudes into white nationalism. Yeah. And whether that's intentional or not, and whether that was the case years ago, I'm not sure. But it absolutely is now.

Jordan  55:50
Yeah. Which, which, again, that is the problem. Yeah, that is the that is the problem. The Sandy Hook bullshit is a symptom of it. Right? What we should be fighting is not why are you mean to Sandy Hook victims? Or why are you fucking ruining their lives? And, you know, like not to minimize that at all. But the larger issue, the thing that nobody is fucking dealing with? Is White supremacy. Yeah, because that is the problem.

Dan  56:23
And just to make it clear that I'm not just talking shit here. I have pulled up the statistics from Quantcast of demographic breakdowns of all of the sources that Alex Jones respects. He doesn't really cite Breitbart articles all that much anymore. I don't know what happened between them. But there's there's some sort of they're not they're not on his his regular news rotation. But info Wayne

Jordan  56:49
probably stopped Trump from talking to him. It could be Yeah.

Dan  56:53
Or maybe he hasn't fired Priebus and you know, Alex's cross about it. Yeah. So Infowars itself is 78% male, the audience 22% female, that is incredibly disproportionate to the demographics of the America, the America, the America, if you want to look at it, like a normal breakdown should be very close to 5050. If you look at representative samples, there's a reason that this show specifically appeals to dudes. Further, it's 83%, white 3% African American. So that mean, the population is something to the effect of like 13% African American, you would expect something much closer to that if it wasn't a massive aberration. Now beyond that, the audience is something to the tune of right around 60% over the age of 45. So we've discussed that before in the past, but that's an update because the numbers have changed a tiny bit. Now you look at the sources that he trusts. And he cites we have World News Daily 74% Male 26% Female 86%, Caucasian 4% African American, by 65% over the age of 45. So here's sort of a similar picture. Yep, Zero Hedge 88% Male 12% Female 83% Caucasian, 2% African American, something around 55% over the age of 45. Drudge Report, which is the most popular of all these sites that I've listed 89% Male 11% Female Jesus fucking Christ. 90% Caucasian 1% African American? Yep. Wow. 73% over the age of 45. Of course, all of these places that Alex Jones deems credible.

Jordan  58:48
Are you saying that old white men might be part of the issue?

Dan  58:51
Yeah. And I mean, there are just because 60% is over the age of 45. That doesn't mean that 40% isn't. So it's not like there's nobody under those ages, right? But a massive demographic block a plurality, for sure. Of the audience's of every place that Alex Jones deems credible, and not part of the fake news, right? The dinosaur media, right enemy media, all of those places are heavily white, older dudes. And that's not a coincidence. There's a reason that all of these places are networked together. And unfortunately, Quantcast doesn't have public statistics for Breitbart. But I imagine it's pretty much the same. Yeah. So I mean, like, you understand what I'm getting at here is that this is a self resonating echo chamber of white narratives. Yep. Especially white male narratives. And they realize that they have no danger in spelling out those narratives. They're totally fine to be as flippant and dismissive of Charleston as a shooting,

Jordan  59:56
because who's going to speak out right that he doesn't already agree with It's

Dan  1:00:00
about 89%. Male Audience, that 87% white audience is probably no one's gonna read. Yeah. sucks, but it's not a big deal. Maybe it was fake the

Jordan  1:00:11
worst. The worst they could get out of that is somebody saying, Well, I'm not going to pay attention to this one,

Dan  1:00:18
right? Or you might have someone who's like Alex is getting to be a little much for me. And they drift from the fold, but they're not going to Drudge Report. Right? Right. Where you're lured back in exactly. You see a Mark Dice video up there that Alex is planted. And now you're back in the cycle. Yep. It's it's, it's completely nuts. I don't know how else to put it. Like when I stumbled

Jordan  1:00:43
as white as Augusta National. You know what I'm saying?

Dan  1:00:47
Is that a Trump golf course? No, no, it's the it's the Trump golf courses are wider. It's what? Yeah, that's true.

Jordan  1:00:54
It's one of the old fashion boys club. We don't allow women golf courses.

Dan  1:00:59
So when I stumbled across this statistics about Infowars aways back and I saw that I was like, Oh, that checks out. That makes sense. Yeah, it's crazy. But that makes sense. The Drudge

Jordan  1:01:07
Report one is really scary, because that is a very popular website.

Dan  1:01:12
Yeah. And to see that it's demographically. So homogenous is is it's very troubling. And when I saw that all of those sites had incredibly similar demographic patterns. I realized that a lot of these people are probably the same people. Yeah, I have to be and it's all self reinforcing. Because they play the same stories. They play the same narratives. And you're like, Well, Alex said this, and I don't know if I trust it. But let me go to Dr. Chuck drudge. Oh, Judge confirms it. Yep. Not realizing that they're all in this together. It's all a massive propaganda campaign, targeting white fragility. Yeah, white male fragility. And it's

Jordan  1:01:53
exactly the same as ISIS. Yes. That is exactly what's going on here.

Dan  1:01:59
That's kind of the point I wanted. Yeah. Yeah. Jesus fucking Christ. And the only difference is that Alex is dog whistling about his calls for violence, right? He is really desperately trying to get people to start fighting. Yeah. But he has to be very coded about it. And very, because when he is too overt things happen. Like the guy who showed up a Comet Ping pong with a gun. Yeah, and pulled off a shot,

Jordan  1:02:25
or the people who constantly harassed the Sandy Hook victim, or there

Dan  1:02:29
was a guy who after Alex Jones did all his stuff about Bohemian Grove, there was a guy who tried to sneak in with a bunch of guns, and he was gonna kill everybody at Bohemian Grove. Yeah. So I mean, like, whenever he does this stuff, if he's too overt, there are people who follow what he says. And those people are a real danger. And he knows that it can be tied back to Yeah. So if there

Jordan  1:02:53
if there is a if there is a white nationalist suicide bomber, he will not say, Oh, he's a hero. He's a murderer. No, but it'll say, you know, what?

Dan  1:03:06
He'll say? It was fake. Yeah. Yeah, that's what we'll do. We'll say it was, you know, he was on amnesic drugs, or something like that. They hit him with that. What's up South South American drug that you know, that demon drug, you just blow it in someone's face? And then they're a zombie? I saw something on vice about Yeah. Like, there. That would be his storyline. Yes. Like, you know, it's the globalists got this white guy to do it to set up the Patriots, of course, which is the story every time a white person does it, or he just doesn't talk about it again, as we've discussed, he still has never apologized for insisting that it was a Muslim who shot up that mosque in Quebec a couple months back. Yep. He is not at all. He said. I know that it was a Muslim. Turns out it was a white guy. He just doesn't he. Whenever I say he's a racist, and this show is about white identity, it sounds crazy, to some extent, and I understand that it sounds crazy because he doesn't say like, the N word. He doesn't say black people are stupid, right? Or anything like that. And he has Safe Harbor because of that. But in the same way that Comey in his testimony said President Trump didn't tell me to stop the investigation. But there were all these insinuations that I hope you'll stop. Yeah, these sorts of things. Yeah. I always can say I'm not racist. I didn't say these things. I say that we're all humans with all red blood and all this stuff. But the the trappings of it the way he deals with a white death versus a minority death, the anger that he has towards trans people and anything that's an aberration from what he deems normal. All of that is so clear that he's a bigot. Anyway, his rants not done. We have to get to the second okay. All right. So here we go.

Alex Jones  1:04:54
I'm protected fools. I'm talking to the evil ones. I will be around until God wants to be gone. And then no matter what happens, I know it's God's plan. So no matter what you do to me, I rejoice in it. Even though my flesh doesn't like it, my soul, my Spirit loves it. I'm so alive. It's unbelievable. My discernment is so deep and piercing now, I can't even stand it. And I look at you, you fall in monsters, and I realize what jokes you are. And I thank God every millisecond at my cellular level that I am not with you, and you're damned to hell system. Praise God for that.

Jordan  1:05:39
Man, I'm good. I'm gonna let that one go. Could

Alex Jones  1:05:42
I get through a message, I'm kind of doing it now. But I'm gonna come back and really focus and do it because it's important. Because it's not this interview. And it's not Megyn Kelly, this is their big gamble. This is their big take Alex Jones down, this is pathetic. The only way I could fail was not doing it. And letting them rig it and letting me for four hours to edit it together. And then be able to show people was really said,

Jordan  1:06:12
no idea what that means, or how that would work. Or what you would do

Alex Jones  1:06:16
walking right into a trap. Even told them they were but they think they're winners. They think they're invincible. They think because they hoard more money or can like try to put me down in the mud that they have a victory while they're busy shoving me down in the mud. Everybody's overrunning them. And I'm making it safe for everybody else to speak out just like Trump's doing on a much bigger scale.

Dan  1:06:42
So when he says that he is telling the truth, in some ways, but what he's making it okay for people to speak out about is I'm freaked out by Muslims. Yeah, that's the sort of thing that he's the anti PC stuff that he's doing isn't actual, like, against political correctness. It's, I'm making bigotry. Okay, again. Yeah. And I kind of agree with him. And that's why we do this show.

Jordan  1:07:07
Yeah, what else? What else happened during the fucking Trump campaign? It was just all out and out bigotry or cruelty?

Dan  1:07:15
Because like, it's not necessarily bigotry to make fun of the handicap reporter and shit. That's just cruel. Yeah, it's it's ableist. But I don't know if that's is that comes bigotry? I don't know. Interesting question.

Jordan  1:07:29
I don't think now is a good time for us to try and figure that out, litigate that.

Dan  1:07:33
Yeah, it's been it's this clip.

Alex Jones  1:07:34
And that's why they hate him and why they sell the hoax he's falling and why they sell the hoax that he's a criminal, and why they sell the hoax and they got the former lawyers that went after Enron, you know, in their

Jordan  1:07:47
weight. Is that good or bad? Trump's on

Alex Jones  1:07:49
an island all along again, you don't want to be with Him, be with the mainstream media, then you'll be with the winning team, even though the mainstream media wants you to lose once you pour once you are there control represent the criminals, even though Trump actually wants to empower you and cut your taxes and and bring the jobs back? No, no, no, you're a failure of your with Trump be a winner join MSM.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:14
Lame, middle,

Alex Jones  1:08:15
and complete test. It is a total and complete system to see if they can break your will. And then make you believe that you're joining the winning team by going against Trump. It's all a giant test. But it doesn't matter. Because if you look at things as they go in waves, we're destroying them. And this wave, it's the next wave that will completely annihilate the enemy.

Dan  1:08:39
So that idea that it's a test is really bizarre. But that's how he has to frame it to his audience. Well, that's the strong, strong

Jordan  1:08:49
evangelical message total time total. It's always you know, this life is just preparation for the next Yeah, so this whole thing is just a game.

Dan  1:08:59
Yeah. And he's, he's using Trump to be that which I think might be slightly sacrilegious and undertone. But beyond that, I don't understand his conception where it's like, you're either with me or you're with the mainstream media. There's a middle ground. There's I can I can reject most of both. Not anymore. Pick aside, Dan. Well, then I wholeheartedly support the mainstream media. Oh, that's the choices. Oh, Dan,

Jordan  1:09:28
look, Dan, you're betraying your ideals. How?

Dan  1:09:32
Because I support the existence of the media as opposed to the existence of Alex. I would say that at the same time. It's not countered. It's not kind of productive. It's not counterintuitive to say that mainstream media gets it wrong a lot. Yeah, that's it's stupid.

Jordan  1:09:48
But there's there at this point, there's nothing maybe that needs to be more protected like today. You can't have cameras recording the GOP answer see in this app. In it, they can't they won't show you the bill they're writing because, quote, we're not stupid. Yeah, exactly. Because we're using won't. We're going to murder people that might as well be the fucking words that they say totally. And all of this stuff is keeping this. Like, there's a really good reason that freedom of the press is in there. Yeah, I know. You want to say freedom of speech is the First Amendment. But freedom of the press is a big deal. Yeah. Because in countries where they don't have it, like ones that have influenced our election,

Dan  1:10:34
sure, are ones that employed our former National Security. Exactly ahead.

Jordan  1:10:39
You wind up getting journalists murdered for reporting the truth. Yep. And that is that is the that is the point. That's the danger. And that's where we're fucking headed. See a system cam, it sounds it sounds hyper hyperbolic. It really does to a lot of people that like, no, America still has protections in place. We don't know the rule of law is gone.

Dan  1:11:03
Well, I mean, that's something that people were saying, you know, even before the election, and as it was happening was that the institutions and the principles that we have are only as strong as the people who are in place, right. And, and there's so many traditions are meaningless if you don't uphold them. Yeah. So and there's

Jordan  1:11:22
so many that were apparently unwritten. So this, this whole idea of like, well, they're breaking norms, maybe we should have written that shit down. Yeah, because maybe we wouldn't be fucked.

Dan  1:11:36
Well, the thing about the press too, is that like,

Jordan  1:11:38
but that's the thing. People don't believe that psychopaths want to do this. People don't understand psychopaths, because that's what these guys are. They have no feelings, they have no emotions, they don't give a fuck about you. They don't pretend to know, like this, this game of a, you know, a general belief in the humanity in the fundamental decency of the people who want to, uh, you know, run for office who want this power? Because you think, you know, the people, you know, the majority of us are good people. Sure. So it's hard to conceive of somebody so far beyond that, who and that's, and that's why we're fascinated by serial killers, is because of this, like, I can't believe in this. I can't believe that a person who looks like a human being is not

Dan  1:12:35
Yeah. And that's why it's fun to watch documentaries, not fun to live in the world

Jordan  1:12:40
right now. Not a big fan. So

Dan  1:12:43
but but to the point about the press to a robust, healthy democracy, democracy, Republic, whatever. It can contain a liar who's not punished, like Alex Jones can exist within a free speech, free press paradigm very easily, and has for 20 years. And he's still not going to get arrested for the nonsense he's spouting. It's totally fine. But we can't have people who are legitimate reporters being demonized that the system can't contain right like that will implode everything. So the days we are

Jordan  1:13:18
watching unfold, and then

Dan  1:13:21
the other the other thing too, and this is the reality of it. Alex Jones's game can't be scrutinized, like it can't really survive, people actually paying attention to it. So he has to demonize the media as a self preservation tactic. Because if people start paying attention, if we had funding to legitimately do this every day, document what he's saying, create this database that I'm working on, of the narratives that he's pitched that were complete lies over the years. He'd just be like, he'd be a laughingstock. If the mainstream media really took their critical comb that they wash over, think that metaphor got away from me, but if they, if they scrutinized him the way they scrutinize real stories, he would be screwed. And that's why he has to create like, Oh, they're evil. They're fake. It's all it's all desperate. self preservation. Yeah.

Jordan  1:14:19
Again, it's pre emptive damage control, but on a large, never ending scale.

Dan  1:14:26
Yeah. So this next clip, Alex wants to talk about making Kelly's ugly, but oh, there's twist. Okay. He wants to sound smart. Oh, no. And I think he just learned the word Gorgon.

Alex Jones  1:14:41
Ratings are sinking. Hurray ratings were sinking and destroying yourself going after Trump. And so they think having Mr. Controversy on because I get top ratings anytime I'm on a national TV. They think that will boost her suck yours Morgan's highest ratings ever. Were when I was on but Even Megan told me privately, or she thought privately on that, oh, I destroyed him. Because after I was on his program, his rating started dropping every day consecutively. Because we just call these folks out. And so Megyn Kelly is playing with fire, obviously, and nothing can save her show. Nothing can say mainstream media. Mainstream media has abysmally low ratings. They've gone up a little bit attacking Trump, because it makes media interesting again, but compared to 10 years ago, they're a shadow of the former self. You know, I went into the Gorgon lair. I went in to Medusas palace, and I, I engaged her on her terms. I let her be here from 930 in the morning. She got here at noon, but a crew at 930 until almost 11 at night. I let her have her way, because I knew it'd be rigged. I knew she was lying to me. I knew she was deceiving. I knew it was a giant hit pace. But they wanted me to go happily along with it and say nothing before it aired. I'm not going to do that. But understand I win by going in to the Gorgons pit and I survived. I survived going into that layer. And that's what it's all about. In fact, she hid over there in the dark. She hid over there in the dark when she first got here slithering in like the Gorgon. Let's play some of that with audio of her coming into the studio last week. Now

Dan  1:16:24
he plays a clip from Jason and the Argonauts.

Alex Jones  1:16:27
Radialis whatever the flavor and Kelly can elaborate the video I did not look directly at her. I looked at her on monitors on the wall with cameras aimed at her she had her arrows she tried like she could detect the arrows that were keen teen bowl a bowl of

Alex Jones  1:17:06
cold as ice tightened willing to tighten our let's see to get to the globalist I'm gonna get the Gorgons head and then I could turn to the Titan Saracen Welcome to the Gorgon czars yourself ah, face the Gorgon?

Alex Jones  1:17:34
Megyn Kelly in studio it is true when she was a studio she was like back there in the dark.

Jordan  1:17:42
Do you mean everywhere that not

Alex Jones  1:17:45
really know how it all ends? That's how

Jordan  1:17:47
you run it. You don't like

Alex Jones  1:17:51
coming up. Now before I go any further just briefly, we're listener supported runner major global SATAC we make it easy to support us.

Dan  1:18:00
Give us money. Yeah, he said Gorgon six times on that clip.

Jordan  1:18:03
He likes the word Gorgon it's fun so it is one word I did that was that was a fun dumb little thing that he did yeah, like that's way better than I expected. That was a silly

Dan  1:18:15
fucking it's an indication that he doesn't have much no but at the same time like even even in the middle of that she has a keen keen bow woman bow um and that was him going into his arrow sheath and finding nothing he's just trying to pull out something did Psalter it couldn't come up with Archer Yeah, that's that's like I mean it's petty he's trying to say that she's ugly and all this and I don't I'm not down with that but at the same time that's just Alex Yeah, that's classic Alex we can all have fun with that because the rest of this isn't gonna be very fun.

Jordan  1:18:56
Oh, why are you doing this so

Dan  1:18:57
you're he wants to attack

Jordan  1:19:00
liberal I want weird as Jason and the Argonauts Alex back.

Dan  1:19:04
Sure. Well, it happened yesterday. Also, I wanted to cover like the most up to date. Megan Kelly stuff. And on Tuesday while we're recording this oh and Shroyer was hosting. So this is the most up to date as we're recording this so oh in Trier was hosting Yeah, man is trying to get him ready for his own TV show network. That's never gonna happen to hold the whole thing. It's tough. Oh, I'm sure he was gonna make a brief appearance at the end of our episode today. And it's insanity. Okay. But this next clip, he gets really self conscious about people thinking he's being using dirty words. I have to defend them no masks. Nope. You'll see. But then it spirals out of control into talking about how liberals are dumb and it gets away from him.

Alex Jones  1:19:56
And that's what's scary about leftist as they claim. They're all intellectual. Have all and they're really great and they're awesome. They're not they're a bunch of drooling pulang miscreant malcontent boobies now before I go any further that's not profane to say boobies boobies is a is a South China Sea multi 1000 year old name for pirates trap the boobies also had set traps pop up like we hear in Vietnam, the spikes and kill you know FCC problems let me saying bluebies I don't like the way he theory all you have to think your suit so called intellectuals that are liberals who understand you're not intellectuals, you're imagining you're part of a winning team, you're imagining you're part of the globalist system. You're imagining you conquered America, you're imagining how you're going to teach those three year olds, you know how to how to perform sex acts on units they teach in public schools now, and you're just away with it.

Jordan  1:20:55
Every year I'll go to public school guys worked. You can't teach somebody who was not easy

Alex Jones  1:21:02
or people that are in your own fantasyland that wealth produced did all of this wealth that freedom produced created a bunch of super spoiled brats. The sevens brat of the sevens brat and now you're just running around foaming at the mouth your gleeful behavior and it's not going to work forever. It's coming down. Here's the big news coming up though with Dr. Jerome Corsi video emerges of Seth Rich questioning, valid integrity. I'm sure that's a conspiracy theory video to

Dan  1:21:35
it is but I love I love that you got that. That? I mean, that was probably my biggest point is three year olds are not in school now. They're not in public school now. And no one's teaching three year olds have no one's teaching anyone sex acts of school, no one even could teach a three year old sex acts. I think that the only like sex act might be taught at school by peers. You know what I mean? Like, they might be like, hey, you know about certain decks, like your friend might tell you that or something like that. Teachers are not broaching that at all. From my experience in public schools, and I'm sure your experience was similar, right? There is a Sex Ed talk. There's a class in health class

Jordan  1:22:19
mine was very anti sex period

Dan  1:22:22
very much. Teachers are uncomfortable as hell yeah. I remember there was a girl in my class who was like laughing at something and the teacher fucking freaked out on her. He was just like, if you keep laughing you're gonna be taking notes for the rest of the class or you're gonna be getting out of here. Like he was trying to keep things really on lock. Yeah, there's like I gotta get through. Talking about condoms. Yeah, to these fucking middle schoolers. I don't want to do this. No one's happy about this. No one like I wasn't three. No one's teaching anybody anything. But the more important thing at the end there is Dr. corsi has big breaking news about Seth

Jordan  1:22:59
Rich. Can we not do that, guys, guys, let that one

Dan  1:23:03
go. Here's why they really should have let it go. I'm about to play you a video that they play. And, you know, maybe you can decide if it's if it means anything. Okay,

Alex Jones  1:23:13
let's play this southbridge clip and the guy got gunned down in the back. Here's the video that I want you to see of him questioning ballot integrity, dealing with him stealing the election from Bernie Sanders. There it is.

Jerome Corsi  1:23:25
Excuse me, sir threats with the DNC. I think silver, you've spoken about provisional ballot ballots and rejected ballots. I guess we've looked at as an outside practitioner with a vested interest in training are our voters. How do we get better access to data that tells us why ballots are rejected? Why ballots are cast is provisional, so that we can analyze that and then develop better training guides.

Seth Rich  1:23:49
Can one of the election officials speak to any work you've done with either the parties or other groups on that type of information?

Alex Jones  1:23:56
Again, that's the video that's emerged of Seth Rich questioning that was it really a video that was murdered? For Seth Rich questioning valid integrity? That was a summit?

Dan  1:24:07
That's a nothing.

Jordan  1:24:08
Corsi,

Dan  1:24:09
that's no RC,

Jordan  1:24:10
you're supposed to be an expert.

Dan  1:24:12
That's nothing that says that's an absolute zero. He's talking about provisional ballots, trying to better train the public, how to use provisional ballots, right, which is a good thing to be asking about, because it is a complicated issue. Quite frankly, I don't know if I would know how to send out a provisional ballot.

Jordan  1:24:31
Absolutely not. So

Dan  1:24:32
I wouldn't mind some education couldn't

Jordan  1:24:34
Could you explain why ballots get rejected? is an amazingly good question.

Dan  1:24:40
Right. And that has nothing to do with some sort of a setup against Bernie Sanders has nothing to do with even questioning the integrity of voting no, so they're just lying. That's just so I want to flashback to a little bit earlier in the episode when Alex Jones was talking about I'm so alive it's crazy, my discern Mint is better than it's ever been. How is your discernment allowing you to report on this video is something nefarious? You understand? Yeah, that's insane. Yeah, that's bad discernment. So Jerome Corsi is on and most of it is about how

Jordan  1:25:18
he needs to listen to more Chance the Rapper. He needs a more holistic discernment

Dan  1:25:23
don't don't not support that. So the course is on and they just talk about how Alex is the victim of a propaganda campaign, and how Megyn Kelly is doing her job by coming to assassinate the character of Alex Jones. Couple of big things happen. The first is the Jerome Corsi finally says meme correctly.

Jordan  1:25:44
Oh, then fuck it. I'm back on his side baby.

Dan  1:25:47
He says Ma'am, I mean meme.

Jordan  1:25:53
Advice. Yes. Then not five minutes later that that means there was a conversation with somebody like it had to be robbed you just being like, hey, of course. It's pronounced mean. Not five minutes. Like a fucking idiot.

Dan  1:26:06
He says ma'am, again. So that's great. But this I was I was referring to earlier in the episode I teased that Alex Jones was going to jump the shark. Yes. And in this clip, Alex Jones invalidates his career.

Alex Jones  1:26:23
What should trump do? I mean, he needs to get aggressive, call them out sessions. He's just started dieting, some of these people.

Jerome Corsi  1:26:29
Well, the presidency has enormous power. And Trump better start using it better start realizing that in Washington, all these people are his enemy. He's got a fire previous. Don't wait until the end of June. As he says you got to give him more time. Just fire him. Get rid of all the people in the administration who have been there from Clinton and from Obama, get rid of them.

Dan  1:26:50
So far, okay. Now, also

Jordan  1:26:53
get rid of those people, and then bring in a bunch of sycophants who will tell you that everything you're doing is right so far,

Dan  1:27:00
though, still totally legal. Still not the most insane thing ever. I think it would be unwise and probably lead to a lot of trouble, but not the worst thing I've ever heard. No, I do like that. Jerome Corsi is, is office the Infowars studio in in DC, you could hear a motorcycle revving outside. Real real quality. acoustics. Yeah. But now we get tired.

Jordan  1:27:26
I want him to have a picture now.

Dan  1:27:28
That would be the best would be amazing. They just had a running gag.

Jordan  1:27:32
Yes. Yeah. That would be like a weird little easter egg. Like, oh, director has the same little tiny shot

Dan  1:27:39
and everything is a little wink that like I'm not Yeah, I'm fucking around. Yeah, exactly. So this is where it gets bad.

Jerome Corsi  1:27:45
And start using the Department of Justice, the FBI to investigate. Comey, Clinton and the others. Fight Back counter attack?

Alex Jones  1:27:54
Absolutely. Look, this is such tradition against the country and the attempted overthrow of our Republic by clear outside forces. I support the president right now moving against these people physically. I mean, let's be honest, we're in a war. I would support the President making a military move on him right now. The country's in that bigger crisis. We need go ahead, move.

Dan  1:28:12
So there Alex Jones, in one sentence invalidates the entire premise of his career. We need

Jordan  1:28:19
to have the government take military action against its people

Dan  1:28:25
know against its own enemies. Yeah. Which conceivably would be some private citizens. I would assume the media would fall into that. Because they're talking about people who are pushing this Russian meme propaganda that they they think the Russian stuff is all fake,

Jordan  1:28:39
of course. I think even though they know it's not

Dan  1:28:43
totally but here's the thing. Jerome Corsi saying fire all these people is okay. It's wrong, but it's okay. Him saying we need to indict Comey, Clinton, Obama is an abuse of power. But it's not that bad him.

Jordan  1:28:59
The idea of the president telling the FBI to do this yeah, is a gross misrepresentation of what the President's

Dan  1:29:09
relationship to the FBI should be. Should be. And but it especially not if he's under investigation, it's very bad, but at the same time, it's because of how the sentence ends. It's kind of in the wheelhouse of like, All right, that's abuse of power. But we got to hold off, because Alex Jones legitimately just said, a military coup, cleaning out acting on the people who are against Trump with the military. He has made documentary films called the road to tyranny, things like that. Yeah. Everything that he talks about is his entire mind if I do it, his entire premise, is that like these globalists are going to have some sort of a coup.

Jordan  1:29:55
Well, yeah, so we need a counter counter counter counter coup.

Dan  1:29:58
It's not okay. It's not it's absolutely not okay. That is That is He says it again later in the episode, but I ran out of time cutting clips. I even didn't get to it. But he absolutely didn't say that flippantly. He meant it. Now he did. He meant that the military needs to get involved in I don't know what the military would be doing, first of all acting within the country's borders. I think that's part of what he was really afraid about with agenda or non agenda. 21 Jade Hell yeah, absolutely. I think that's something that is that's problematic. And then secondarily, that's

Jordan  1:30:30
literally Caesar. Yeah, that's quite literally what Caesar did to seize power. Yeah.

Dan  1:30:37
So the other thing is, what would the military do against these people other than kill them? Like, the military is going to arrest them?

Jordan  1:30:45
Put them in Abu Ghraib man. Sure. There's openings. Yeah. I mean, put them in Guantanamo Bay.

Dan  1:30:52
That, to me is one of the most offensive things I've ever heard Alex Jones say, and it's something I would bring up in my Megyn Kelly style interview is that it used support the idea of your guy having a military coup. Why?

Jordan  1:31:06
Because that's, that's, that's what it that's what he called for. Yeah, that's an odd that he said bring military action. But acting upon

Dan  1:31:15
these people physically? Yeah.

Jordan  1:31:19
What do you what beat them up?

Dan  1:31:20
What else is there to say? What is there? That's, that's so like, that's crossing a huge line. Yeah. Now, thankfully, that's not gonna happen.

Jordan  1:31:32
Yeah. All the all this idea, all this idea of free market all of this, like less government is all gone. Yeah. That the moment you want a military coup, all of that's done.

Dan  1:31:44
And you want a military coup to stop an investigation that has a lot of evidence behind it. Yeah, that your guy is wildly corrupt and working with a hostile foreign power. Yeah. So the idea that you would do that is only because you know that eventually something's going to come out that is going to be irrefutable. And I mean, Alex does kind of know that. He asked you Well, I mean, in 2015, he knew he was mobbed up and 2015. He knew that he was the frontman for a consortium on the East Coast. He knows

Jordan  1:32:12
all this stuff. So assume that launders Russian money. Yeah, he knows

Dan  1:32:15
that. He can't pretend he doesn't know that. That knowledge that he had two years ago is still in his head. He's just pretending it's not there anymore. He's pretending he doesn't know these things. So whenever he talks about like, this Russian thing is fake. He knows it's not. And the idea that in order to stop it, you would want the President to order the military to act physically upon his opponents is that is treason. That is wishing treason. Yeah, I'm not saying Alex is committing treason. That's

Jordan  1:32:47
but that's wishing the destruction of the American Republic entirely in the

Dan  1:32:51
name of protecting Yeah. Which is I mean, that's what all scoundrel

Jordan  1:32:54
classic move. That's what Erawan did in Turkey. Totally. That's exactly what he did it coup. That's what the Cultural Revolution was about in China. All of these authoritarian powers will always say, you don't need these rights. We're going to protect you. Yeah, we're the ones who can do all of this stuff. So you don't need to think about

Dan  1:33:16
and we've got to do it. Because these other fake people are trying to take me out. Yeah, absolutely. So we're protecting the country. So Alex Jones put it that way in this clip, but in case you're a nerd, he put it another way in this next clip.

Jerome Corsi  1:33:29
But here's the issue. You're gonna look at this whole thing is that the deep state is planning an assassination. They're desensitizing the public with this assassination play with the Kathy Griffin I knew it was gonna bring up I knew it, Alex, you've got to be taken out, or made to be seemed to be a Russian agent. And that's what Megyn Kelly's assignment was,

Jordan  1:33:52
of course, he was that sorry that you're gonna get killed over you

Jerome Corsi  1:33:56
should this is an assignment. This is deep state. This is the entire backing of the inner forces within the government that are opposing Donald Trump, and he better learn to use the power of the presidency. Now fire prevous get rid of the Obama and Clinton carry overs and start using the Department of Justice and the FBI

Alex Jones  1:34:18
to execute order number 66. All right, thank you so much, Dr. corsi. We'll have our members of the crew in studio that was for the

Jordan  1:34:25
cold for Trump to kill the Jedi.

Dan  1:34:32
If you're keeping track if you're keeping track order 66 In the Star Wars universe, Revenge of the Sith is what destroys the entire world. Yeah, yes. It's the clones. Killing. Yeah. So the public Yes, it's so the evil empire can rise. Yeah. Alex,

Jordan  1:34:55
you shouldn't you shouldn't do that. You know? Yeah, you know those movies that you love so much totally about a horrible restrictive Empire being defeated by a lovable group of rebels. We should really love the Empire more. That's the real message of this. We got we got the Star Wars mythology wrong. Palpatine was just trying to do a good job and defeat the Universalist

Dan  1:35:23
puppet team brought in prosperity and small business number. Absolutely. And he protected borders.

Jordan  1:35:28
How many contractors had to work on the Deathstar so much? Oh, man, oh my god, they couldn't do that with a universal workforce. And you don't want to federalize that means the free market to keep costs down. And I'm guessing that he didn't even pay those contract, probably not. No. So especially not on the second Deathstar when they were still building it. Yeah.

Dan  1:35:47
In this episode, there's three instances and I apologize. I don't have audio of the third one. But there's three instances of Alex legitimately saying that Trump needs to militarily act on his enemies. Yep. And if that's where the rhetoric is at, that tells me a couple things. First, this interview is a damaging damaging piece, because he's in panic mode. And second, if the rhetoric evolves from here, we're in very serious trouble. Like, I don't know where else it can go.

Jordan  1:36:16
Well, if the millet the Where else does it go? If the military won't do it? Patriots have to? That's where it goes.

Dan  1:36:24
I think he can probably say that legally for a bit. But if it gets too descriptive with it or too like literal, then he really enters into Oh, that's a crime. inciting violence.

Jordan  1:36:34
That's a crime. Yeah. But

Dan  1:36:36
I think you can still say if the government won't do it, patriots should I think you can still say that legally. It's murky, but I think I think it's free speech.

Jordan  1:36:46
Yeah, that could be man, that sure seems like

Dan  1:36:49
I'm against it. But I think it's still legal. Oh, yeah. No. So that is, I really think that Alex Jones abandoned every single one of his principles in the span of like three minutes. Yeah. But the show's not over. And in the span of two years, the show is not over. We got a couple clips left. Because what ends up happening a little bit later on the show, is that Rob, do and Owen Shroyer went out to the anti Sherea marches over the weekend. Oh, fuck off. And the way they present it is that radical Muslims and communists have teamed up and that they were being attacked. All of these anti Sharia people were being attacked by the Coalition of Muslims and communists. Also, I

Jordan  1:37:33
can't fathom any crossover there.

Dan  1:37:38
No, but I think that probably some of the people who were protesting the alt right publicity stunt. They're probably worse than Muslims, and they're probably some anarchists, probably some communists. There's probably a very diverse group of people who are against the bigotry March

Jordan  1:37:55
if you are if you think people are for Sharia law, and communism, you've lost your fucking mind. Well, people

Dan  1:38:02
protesting the anti Sharia March weren't pro Sharia law. They were just anti these LARPing assholes.

Jordan  1:38:09
No, no, I'm talking about the anti Sharia law. People. Oh, they have to if they're pulling that narrative, they think that somehow Sharia law is compatible with communism.

Dan  1:38:22
Well, no, it's the communists are the idiots who are going to bring in the necessary circumstances where Sharia law can take over then the Communists will be beheaded that's I don't know that's

Jordan  1:38:32
a bad plan by the communist Yeah, we got it. We got to get the word out to the communist not to trust the Syria law people.

Dan  1:38:38
Yeah. The non existent Sharia law. Yeah. I saw a ton of pictures from these marches and these demonstrations, and they were fucking hilarious. Yeah, they were just a bunch of their people in like armor. And like, like knights, not like, not like for real night. Not like Teflon. Yeah, we're talking crusades armor. Yes. There were some dudes in like straight up. Holy Roman Empire garb. There were just tons of people with guns. It was fucking insane. It seems

Jordan  1:39:07
like Civil War reenactors got bored with reenacting the Civil War. It's fanfiction. So they went back to the Crusades

Dan  1:39:14
or I don't know a lot of them were like a modern day dress just with tons of guns and stuff like that. But yeah, I think it is probably that the Civil War reenactors are like we need a gritty reboot Yeah,

Jordan  1:39:26
yeah. This is the Batman Begins for Civil War

Dan  1:39:31
reenact definitely So Rob do and Owen Shroyer are in studio to discuss their experience and what have you. Also Owen Shroyer has been playing a clip during the commercial breaks. So whenever they go to commercial of him

Unknown Speaker  1:39:45
killing Jedi No,

Dan  1:39:47
no, no, not yet. That's for tomorrow.

Jordan  1:39:48
Alex don't kill the young Ling's then you'll have gone too far. You'll be no better than John Podesta. Yeah, and believe me you do not want Trump as your emperor. Oh Powell Powell. pussied no that is a bad plan. Oh no, no, at least Emperor Palpatine was evil and smart like he negotiated his way from being one Sith Lord into running an empire is pretty impressive killing all the Jedi. That's amazing.

Dan  1:40:14
He didn't even inherit a lot of money from his dad.

Jordan  1:40:16
No so worked his way up. He's a real story of raising yourself up by your bootstraps Americana. Yeah.

Dan  1:40:23
So whenever you're watching it on the website or on the live stream, they don't play commercials that would be played on the radio, but the time still has to be cut out. So what they do is they play like 32nd reports from their their reporters, and Owen Shroyer has been talking about how at these anti Sherea marches everybody are bigoted against the right. And Lauren southern got hit with a water balloon full of piss.

Jordan  1:40:48
That's pretty great. But

Dan  1:40:49
it's he's like, Lauren southern was out there and a balloon full of urine hit him. It says him.

Jordan  1:40:59
Wait, so Lauren, Southern him? Well, I did some

Dan  1:41:03
looking into this. Okay. It turns out that as a goof, Lauren Southern, like, protesting the absurdity of transgender stuff, changed her gender. She became a man. Ah, you know what? No one cared.

Jordan  1:41:18
She became a man legally.

Dan  1:41:20
i From what I understand. Yeah. And it turns out that it's, you know, people are very supportive of that. And so it kind of backfired. Because everyone's just like, good for you. No one made it everyone's very tolerant.

Jordan  1:41:35
How did you think that was gonna cause a backlash in Canada, so

Dan  1:41:39
I don't know if Davian Kentucky. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know if that's what Owen Shroyer is like, right, like referring to or if it's just a misspeaking, but like I looked at it is it's fucking insane that these people are so dumb.

Jordan  1:41:53
That's hilarious. Yeah, she she That's fucking hilarious.

Dan  1:41:57
It's it's bad trolling. Yeah, so they get into studio and they're gonna go over what they experienced out there. Right. But unfortunately, right around when they're due. The ruling comes in that the Ninth Circuit Court has shot down the appeal of Trump's travel ban. Who would have guessed? So Alex is not happy about that. And he gets into it. In this next clip, Trump loses

Alex Jones  1:42:18
travel ban ruling and appeals court and get ready for this. A second federal appeals court on Monday ruled against President Trump's revised travel ban. It's totally law, the president can do this. The decision for the United States Court of Appeals the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco, it's overturned. 80 plus percent of the time was the latest string of court rulings rejected by the administration's efforts to limit travel from several predominantly Muslim countries. Yes, failed states that don't even have working airports, like Somalia. And how

Jordan  1:42:47
did they get here?

Dan  1:42:49
Let me tell you a little bit about Somalia. We already went over the idea that he has that the moms are giving out passports that's not true at all. Some people are able to make fake passports and that we have an entire country of pirates. Official Somali passports have biometric indicators in them and they're very difficult to actually fake. But also, here's a fun fact for you. As of 2012. Somalia has 62 airports, seven of them have paved runways. So I mean, they do have working airports. The Adam at a International Airport in Mogadishu has international flights that run consistently. What Alex might be talking about is that there was a civil war in 1991. In Somalia, and they poured down the airport, the airport was kind of closed down during that. Yeah, their flight services experienced routine disruptions. Right. But that was in 1991. In

Jordan  1:43:37
Somalia, how many people are there? Like? I don't know six airports is probably enough 60 to 62 Or yeah,

Dan  1:43:46
I'm sorry seven with paved runways right

Jordan  1:43:48
seven with paved runways was my was my situation there? Like how many people are in Somalia? It can't be that many.

Dan  1:43:56
There are nine airports that have commercial service at them and the other ones are all the estimated population is 16 point 3 million people.

Jordan  1:44:05
Yeah. So in Chicago, we have two airports for 3 million people. Yeah.

Dan  1:44:11
They have nine airport are the nine airports that have commercial traffic for 16 million people. Yeah, that's perfect. spread out through a country. Yeah, that's perfect. There's there's the correct number of airports and there's a ton of people who don't need airports in Somalia. But frankly, the population there's a lot because they're all pirates. Well, there's that they have boats. Yeah, the other. The other thing is they have a large there's a lot of rural area throughout the country, right. So people just have no use for airports horse other than bringing stuff in which is the other 51 airports that have dirt runway. Yeah. Which if you think that there aren't dirt runway airports in America, you're fucking insane. Yeah, there are tons of them there.

Jordan  1:44:50
They're dirt runway airports in fucking St. Charles. Yeah, West like it's a population of 45 people I don't I don't know.

Dan  1:45:00
Who knows who cares? So that was that was dumb. And Alex is sort of he's, I know that he thinks that it's gonna go to the Supreme Court and everything's gonna be okay and we'll see I hope not but can't possibly we're gonna close this episode out with something that's just racist as hell stupid but also kind of endearing in a small way

Jordan  1:45:24
All right, well all right. You You have confused me in so many different directions I don't want any explanation well

Dan  1:45:31
I feel like I need to before just so it doesn't sound like I think racism isn't hearing okay Alex and Owen Shroyer are being racist as fuck Rob do is trying to do his job. And that's what's endearing. Rob do is kind of adorable. He just has to put up with these idiots bronies over here who won't let him get his name on there to do a report and he's trying he's trying he's given it as college but can't because Alex Jones has got to get racist and immature as fuck Mike down for this one.

Alex Jones  1:46:05
This is incredible gentleman and Alex.

Rob Dew  1:46:07
All these countries too. They found him in Libya. They found him in Syria where they're making their own passports. They're making fake passports to send these people because the airports are all bombed out hellhole Exactly. So you have you have these fields here.

Alex Jones  1:46:18
I have your email I'm here do you you are good god hobby? Hobby by hoppy haha kill kill them infidel.

Rob Dew  1:46:30
It just makes you wonder what planet these you'll get.

Alex Jones  1:46:35
You'll get passport. Oh, Manchester. I'm 33 I'm 33 year old man. No no, you 16 year old year old boy. Your name boy. Side name here. Thank you your name boy. 16 Oh, we love you Obama.

Rob Dew  1:46:56
Sorry I can't believe this has gone through to the unit passport, or this.

Alex Jones  1:47:07
country to get your weapon kafir and Fidel. Your us beard. Your seven year old boy. year old boy. said boy, seven and a half seven year old you side there your passport. I'm by Yvonne can I get me why passion Islamic? Sent them? Child name boy. I was having your old boy. With me and my Twiki friends here all 30 year old men all five year old boy. I'm coming to the US. I think

Dan  1:47:37
the proper response to this Alex is I guess gallows humor. That's not gallows humor. That's racism. But that's a minute and a half of just out and out racism. Yeah, that's insanity. But rubbed who was trying? Wow. Yeah. So there's a couple of thoughts that I have about that first, wow. First, they have to pitch this narrative that adult men are being classified as children. Because otherwise the official statistics about refugees don't match up with their narrative. They say that all of them are military aged men, right? That's true at all. The plurality of them are women and children. Yeah. And so in order to get around that they're like, no, they're lying to you. There's, there's adults with children being classified as children. That's the game that they're playing right now further. I do not see a large difference between what we just listened to. And let's say I don't know, 70 years ago, someone being like, you know what? Look, not all black people are bad. But Oh, me. So who? Oh, I want to do Oh, want to get to women now.

Jordan  1:48:44
You know, like doing something like that? Yeah, that's a minstrel show. There's really not

Dan  1:48:47
much difference that is as offensive as that. And as stupid, as childish as not rooted in reality. And I pray to God and wounded in white supremacy. Exactly. But I also pray that that sort of thing that we can see right now, in the present day, we can see that being like, that's fucking racist is shit. We know what you're doing. I pray that 20 years from now, five years from now, you can look back on that sort of behavior, the same way that we look back on the same bow type shank?

Jordan  1:49:20
God, we don't do that anymore. Right. That's what I want the future to say. Thank God, God, those fucking idiots died.

Dan  1:49:30
Thank God. Alex Jones didn't do that

Jordan  1:49:32
yesterday. Yeah, no kidding.

Dan  1:49:34
So hope that interview goes well on Sunday. Alex, it's not going to now it's going to be a disaster. Oh, yeah.

Jordan  1:49:40
Although not a disaster, to the level that we would enjoy not a disaster

Dan  1:49:45
in the way that we would have orchestrated it right. So anyway, I'd like to thank everybody who's spreading the word about the show. We really appreciate it. Absolutely. People you know, the each one teach one campaign is not going exactly what

Jordan  1:49:59
you It's more like a few are telling a lot of people. Yeah,

Dan  1:50:05
that's great. Yeah, we're great. We're very grateful for that. Absolutely. If you

Jordan  1:50:10
want to point them to somewhere to, to follow us at where would you go

Dan  1:50:14
knowledge fight.com, my

Jordan  1:50:16
friend, that's where you would go and follow us on Twitter at knowledge, underscore fight at knowledge and underscore find

Dan  1:50:23
or score. Also, I like this. I'm seeing it happen a bit. And I'd like to reinforce the behavior and encourage it. If you see people tweeting about Alex Jones, just fucking get in there, get in their replies at those assholes and tell them to get your perspective, right. Yeah, get in the knowledge fight. Don't play this reactionary. Don't play this reactionary ping pong game of outrage. Yeah, get in the actual knowledge fight where we can we can make headway against Alex. Yeah, we can not necessarily take him down. But we can play a game he can't respond as

Jordan  1:50:58
it were. We I don't want to take him to in the same way that I don't want to. I don't give a fuck about the cult leader. I want the people out there the ones who are going to get hurt. And that's always the case. Yeah, these people who support Alex Jones are only getting hurt by the shit that they believe it totally. They're the ones who Trump is fucking over. These are the people who are actively being destroyed. These are the people who are just like us struggling their asses off. And instead of engaging with reality, and in in doing their best to kind of fight against it. They're regressing into this fantasy world where they don't have to experience any of this responsibility.

Dan  1:51:45
And the difference between those people and you and I are possibly two bad choices that happened somewhere down the line, or maybe something that wasn't even their choice or peer pressure, peer pressure,

Jordan  1:51:57
some sort of they use they were raised in one environment. Yeah. Like, if you were raised the same if you were raised in the same environment, it's entirely possible you would be an info warrior.

Dan  1:52:08
Yeah, you might be a victim of the the Alex Jones and they are victims. Absolutely. But they have a lot of selenium and iodine, and that's great. And their gallbladder real clean.

Jordan  1:52:19
Oh, man, they hate their wives. Because their wives have stopped enjoying getting fucked that hard.

Dan  1:52:30
That's just rob do. That's just

Jordan  1:52:31
rob do. Okay.

Dan  1:52:32
So also, if you want to donate to the show, we would appreciate it. There's a button over on knowledge fight.com to support the show

Jordan  1:52:39
become a policy wonk. Or if you'd like donate,

Dan  1:52:42
what was it $10 A

Jordan  1:52:44
month to time travel and we will do a time travel episode for you. Those are a little bit on

Dan  1:52:48
hold slightly as I go through my 2015 investigation, but we will pop them in as we can. Yeah. But anyway, thank you all so much. This has been been fun. But yeah, you know what? This this like, Alex's sort of narrative that this interview is a trap. And that he's going to come out ahead that narrative dead? Yeah, dead as a doornail. Yeah, but, but what there's one guy who ain't dead. Is it?

Jordan  1:53:14
Is it what's his name? Think

Dan  1:53:15
it's Batman. It's Batman. Robber Bob still lives loves

Alex Jones  1:53:20
Andy in Kansas, you're on the air. Thanks for holding. So Alex, I'm a first time caller. I'm a huge fan. I love your work.
