I'm sick of them posing as if they're the good guys, saying, we are the bad guys, knowledge
fight, knowledge fight, I'm sick of them posing as if they're the good guys, saying, we are
the bad guys, knowledge fight, knowledge fight, need money, Andy and Kansas, Andy and Kansas,
stop it, Andy and Kansas, Andy and Kansas, it's time to pray, Andy and Kansas, you're
on the air, thanks for holding us, hello Alex, I'm a first time caller, I'm a huge fan, I
love your work, knowledge fight, knowledge fight, I love you, hey everybody, welcome
back to knowledge fight, I'm Dan, I'm Jordan, we're couple dudes, like to sit around, worship
at the altar of Selene and talk a little bit about Alex, Emmerich Jones and the ongoing
adventures of drain swirling, I don't know, that's what came to mind, that wasn't great,
I can do better, yeah, we'll get there, it's 2022, we'll get something for it later, we'll
figure it out, yeah, yeah, Dan, Dan, Jordan, Dan, what's up, Dan, what's your bright spot
today, my bright spot today is actually a bright spot of anger, it's a bright spot of
anger, yes, and the anger is that no one told me about a thing existing before and I stumbled
across it and now it's all I want to do, I've found that on YouTube there are a bunch of
channels that are just like, they set up a camera and animals show up, you didn't know
that, no, it's taken the internet by storm since fat bear week like 10 years ago, I knew
about fat bear week but I thought that was a special event, no man, I didn't realise
that there were these cameras that you could just watch like live all the time, 24 7, I
found one that was in the Namibian desert and it's a watering hole, right, and so for
about 5 minutes I'm watching this ibix or ibix or however you pronounce that, drink
from this watering hole, like this is fascinating, then a second ibix showed up and I cheered,
sitting alone in the apartment I cheered for the appearance of another animal, I'm telling
you right now, you can get so many cameras that are just 24 7 on a nest with eggs in
there and it is your entire life, I don't want that, that's too much like tension, entire
life just sitting there, I don't want to be waiting for the egg to hatch, that's too high
stakes but watching just a watering hole, that's great, I'm going to be lost to the
world now, this is where I'm heading, I like that you are in some sense digitally retreating
to the wilderness, you know, like you can't go and move into the middle of the woods but
you can through the vision of a camera, the desire has been there, maybe this is the only
way that I can manifest it, also one of the ibixes walked past the camera, I'm like, look
at that guy, look at him, look at you, so what about you, what's your bright spot, my
bright spot dad is, no, no, no, my partner is a teacher and that means that right around
this time of year all of the girl scouts circle like vultures on weak teachers, sure, ready
to pounce, you got to do your part, right, right, so despite the fact that I'm sure it's
in some way some sort of evil cartel, the girl scouts, it has to be, I would assume
so, I haven't read anything about it but you're sure it is, so now we have a shit ton of boxes,
awesome, are orders still open, I'm pretty sure, I might need you to put in an order
for me, I've got some, okay, listen, buy these second hand, at this point if the cops came
I would be busted for intent to distribute, that's how many fucking boxes we have here,
I'm looking for some samoas, I've got some, I'm looking for some tagalongs, you can't
have any of my fucking tagalongs, dammit, you don't get a single cookie, I don't want
thin mints, that's, I've had my fill of those, yeah, yeah, yeah, I got some s'mores ones
for you, what, you have s'mores ones now, oh yeah, when did they start this, you don't
want to know, okay, anyways that's my bright spot, that is a pretty bright spot, look I
like sweets, yeah, we've got some negotiations after the show, I will say that I like sweets
when times are tough, when things are good I have much less of a sweet tooth, right,
right, right, hey looks like times have been tough, huh, so Jordan today we have an episode
to go over that has been long in the works and we've teased this a little bit but not
very specifically, things like I've mentioned that I have some side things, indeed, I'm
working on, yes, and things like when, beginning of December we had two past episodes, we had
a little break, we had a little break and nobody knew why, yes, and that all will become
clear on today's episode, but before we get down to business on that, let's take a little
moment to say thank you and hello to some new wonks, so first the Revs Lang, thank you
so much, you're now a policy wonk, I'm a policy wonk, thank you very much, I think that's
the Reverends Lang, the Reverends Lang, maybe, the Revs Lang, who knows, next Mother Gerald,
thank you so much, you're now a policy wonk, I'm a policy wonk, thank you very much, next
we have a technocrat in the mix, Jordan, thank you so much, you are now a policy wonk, I'm
a policy wonk, ha ha, I thought you could trip me up, ha ha, dammit, but we also do
have a couple technocrats in the mix, okay, god dammit, so first Jared and Alex's secret
assistant Taylor and then in parentheses, inside joke, thank you so much, you're now
a technocrat, and sorry Adam, Gigi made me give more money to Dan and Jordan because
Bear won't stop howling about globalists, thank you so much, you are now a technocrat,
I'm a policy wonk, I have risen above my enemies, I might quit tomorrow actually, I'm just gonna
take a little breaky now, a little breaky for me, and then we're going to come back
and I'm gonna start the show over, but I'm the devil, I gotta be taking off the hair,
I'm getting all this, blah, blah, blah, fuck you, fuck you, I got plenty of words for you,
but at the end of the day, fuck you and your new world order, and fuck the horse you rode
in on, and all your shit, maybe today should be my last broadcast, maybe I'll just be gone
a month, maybe five years, maybe I'll walk out of here tomorrow, and you never see me
again, that's really what I want to do, I never want to come back here again, I apologize
to the crew and the listeners yesterday that I was legitimately having breakdowns on air,
I'll be better tomorrow, he may be, so thank you all, thank you very, very much, so Jordan,
we have some breaking news in the world of Alex, indeed, as we're recording this here
on Tuesday, for instance we have learned that Alex did go for the January 6th committee,
and these are pressing issues that we will talk about on Friday, we have for you today
an episode where we will be discussing some depositions from Alex's Sandy Hook case, and
I felt like if we're going to be talking about this, we should probably check in and discuss
how all this came about, what the circumstances are, and high witness on the scene, the plaintiff's
attorney, so let's throw it to a conversation we pre-recorded with Mark Manxton, well joining
us here in the virtual podcast studio, over Zoom, do we have a name for our lair, I don't
think we do, we should, we should come up with one, should we, like the honeycomb hideout,
I think that's a great name for it, so the Bishop Dawn Magic Wand, we're off track, yeah,
already, it's quick, joining us here in the honeycomb hideout, which I'm insisting is
the name, is the lead counsel for the plaintiffs in the Sandy Hook lawsuits against Alex Jones,
Mark Manxton, yes hello everybody, welcome back, hello, I'm not using the name by the
way, I'm not saying honeycomb hideout, that's fine, well you're not here, so frankly there's
a no boys allowed policy, so, I can respect the rules, so welcome, we wanted to do a little
preface to this episode, because it's a, I think a monumentous occasion, I think it's
auspicious is how I would describe it, sure, yeah, yeah, some would, some would say a narrative
twist in things, and so why don't you take it away and present, give us, give us the
lowdown of what's up here, well sure, regular view, regular listeners know that I've been
following the podcast for a little while now, and they've been doing some analysis of our
lawsuits and such, and so I actually came onto the podcast, and talked to these wacky
gentlemen, and I had become sort of, I guess you could say, over the course of the lawsuit,
sort of peripherally aware of the work y'all are doing, people snitch, sometimes, yeah
they do, you know mainstream media is even, I've seen profiles in fairly prestigious publications
describing the unparalleled knowledge, you're talking about, you're talking about the Grey
Lady, yeah the Grey Lady, and you know, you can't really, you know, you got to take that
with a grain of salt, because they're the same, same newspaper, it took us to Iraq based
on the wings of a lie, but I went ahead and checked it out, and it turns out, wow god
darn this guy really does know a lot about Alex Jones, and I was in the position of,
look I had to make myself an expert on Jones, me and my partner Bill actually had to do
that, and so we watched, oh gosh, I want to say nearly like 100 hours right off the bat
within the span of a couple weeks, and it probably flew by, yeah, time flies when your
brain is melting, I'll tell you that, and I knew, you're right, like I knew it had a
not trivial effect on my brain and perception of the world, so I could, I was so excited
to meet you who's been living in this, and it turned out Dan knew a hell of a lot about
Alex Jones.
As some of y'all know, we recently had a default judgment in our cases, but we're entering
sort of the final phase of discovery, which is about the plaintiff's damages, the ways
they were harmed by some of this conduct, and that's required to take us, we had to
take corporate deposition, deposition of Alex Jones, and in doing so, I knew that I could
use Dan's knowledge in this process, so that's why I reached out to Dan and asked, hey Dan,
would you consult on this case for me, and Dan said, you know what, I'd be happy to do
that, and I'd be happy to do it free of charge, completely pro bono to the families.
In my defense, I said no.
And also, the way you're saying this is you asked and I said yes, and I don't think that's
exactly accurate, I struggled with the decision because of the potential ethical implications
of doing this podcast and inserting myself in some way.
Exactly, which is why I would never want to put somebody in your position who's a commentator
and a person who has collected knowledge on Jones in this way in the position of testifying
at trial, or being a witness the jury would ever hear from, or having any stake in the
outcome.
I'll do it.
Come on.
You could testify from here just screaming.
I knew I'd never do anything like that, and I think certainly experts who consult on cases
like this and provide consultation, some of them do charge for their services, and that
would have been totally above board to do, but I really, it's been a lot of people, I
mean I'm not going to, it was definitely really appreciated and I love the gesture of you
saying that you'll do this for pro bono, but I don't want to put you on a pedestal because
so many people have.
I have had the kind of support on this case that's unrivaled in my career where people
will step out of the woodwork and say, I'm happy to do whatever I can to assist you here.
And so yeah, Dan's come aboard and has been helping me quite a bit in terms of doing this
case.
And one of the big surprise for the listeners out there is that Dan personally accompanied
me as my consultant to the depositions of the Free Speech Corporate Representative and
of Mr. Alex Jones.
Yes.
So your humble narrator for all these years was sitting in the room, not more than four
feet across the table from Mr. Jones himself and from his corporate representative, Ms.
Carroba.
And I want to be clear, just in case anybody has any kind of misgivings, I did not interact
with them in any way.
Really?
Yeah, he didn't say a word in the entire room.
I was a silent person in the room and I had no contact with them outside of the room.
So it's not like I shook Alex's hand or like...
Part of the reason I said no initially, because I was slightly worried for your physical safety
to be in the same room with Alex Jones.
No, he's a teddy bear.
I mean, in O'Neill life he's a teddy bear.
Yeah, he's just a teddy bear.
A very violent teddy bear.
Stops people's guts in like a good old teddy bear.
Well, we'll get to that later.
Indeed we will.
It's during that deposition when we take breaks and we're, you know, already Dan had assisted
me in kind of helping me formulate a lot of the questions that I was going to be asking
in that deposition.
But as we're getting answers, Dan's the kind of person who can put his finger on the spot
of a fact and say, no, I know that that isn't true.
You need to ask about X or Y.
So your service is really, I mean, I really want to emphasize just invaluable.
There aren't...
Alex Jones, for as much of a phenomenon as he is and for as culturally influential as
he has become, he remains relatively understudied both in academic and in pop culture settings.
Like it's actually strange how much of his mythos is very shallow.
Like people don't really dig down into what InfoWars is and how it operates and what it
does.
And so that was, that was really, really valuable for me.
So first of all, thank you for that.
That's overwhelming.
And thank you for the kind words, Jordan, yell something.
You know, Dan, I'm surprised that when you came back, you didn't report to me how invaluable
your work was.
You kind of downplayed it, which is not like you at all.
Usually you come back boastful, like if it weren't for me, this whole thing would have
fallen apart.
That's you, right?
I got the flashiness out of my system before I went because I brought a new suit.
Yes.
That's true.
That was kind of my way of like, all right, this is, this is a little walk around with
some swagger.
When we got you a suit, it was an adventure for the both of us.
Right.
Let me tell you, listeners, this gentleman cleans up well.
Not great.
And I get dirty real fast, but I clean up okay.
You know, one of the things we had talked about before you had decided to help me and
consult with me on this is that if you were going to be offering me advice on this and
seeing some of the proceedings, you know, part of your insistence was, look, I'm a commentator
on Jones.
I critically analyze what he's doing.
I need to be able to continue to do that about this lawsuit.
And if you were an expert witness who's going to be testifying to a jury, you probably shouldn't
be doing that.
Right.
Because eventually your testimony is going to have to be considered.
But if you're just an outside consultant, and when it comes to things that are in the
public record now, I couldn't stop you if I wanted to like legally, you have a First
Amendment right that trumps anything that's going on.
And so it loves the First Amendment.
I know he loves it.
So yeah.
Yeah.
Take that, Mark.
You can't stop us even if you fucking want it to.
Well, I can get creative, right?
You know?
Okay.
We'll never know it.
But but no, it's it's it.
I knew coming into this that you were still gonna be talking about Alex Jones.
And I knew, for instance, that these these depositions, if they did become public record
would be part of that.
And what happened so that your listeners understand is that there's a protective order of confidentiality
in the case, and it provides a process by which if a party gives testimony or documents
that it believes it wants to maintain confidentiality, not have them be public, it provides them
an avenue for them to do that.
And in this particular situation, much as they have in the past info wars chose not
to do that.
So very recently, the deposition of Alex Jones and the deposition of Miss Karpova, the corporate
representative passed into the public domain when they became unchallenged public filings
in these cases.
And so there's been some news reporting on them and some of the documents contained within
those depositions already.
And so all that's now out in the public record.
So now, listeners, you get to hear a little bit about it, and Dan's gonna be able to talk
to you about it.
Yeah.
And I want to stress too that like, it's, it, I can't, like, one of the downsides of
me do, like being in the position of like, doing this episode and being there, sure,
is that, you know, obviously, I experienced things.
And some of those things I can't talk about, because they aren't part of what is in the
public record.
Right, right, right.
And so there will, you know, there will be a lot of things that are not really material
to the analysis of the depositions themselves.
But I, you know, I have, you know, some thoughts that I just can't share.
Yeah, I mean, if you wanted to, you, you couldn't even talk about the mutated second human being
coming out of his chest.
Kawado, I believe was his name.
I told you that in confidence.
No, no, I'm saying you can't talk about Kawado.
Okay.
That's my
good reference.
The deep, deep pull there, Jordan.
Oh, my gosh, yeah, no, and in fact, I think that's one of the reasons I want to come on
this kind of not not for you, because you know, though, but but so that the audience
understands how you're talking about these, there are some ground rules that that Dan
has to observe when talking about these things.
And one of that is that because his consulting position gives them access to things that
do not become public record, as he was saying, there are some things you can't talk about,
like conversations we had in between breaks and stuff like that, obviously, any of that
kind of stuff, anybody's actual that, you know, the thing is, is you go into a deposition
room, and 90% of what you do is what they call on the record, there's a there's a videotape
role, and there's a transcript role, and there's somebody typing it all down 10% of that downtime
is off the record.
And there are things that happen there to off the record, obviously, anything off the
record is not something Dan can talk about.
But now we're in a position where, and I'm glad free speech made, or I'm sorry, info
wars, I call them by their corporate name, sometimes free speech systems, which is just
the irony of ironies that they named themselves that.
But the fact that info wars made the choice or however they came to the conclusion to
not make these depositions confidential, I am very glad they did.
Because I believe that for those people who are following this case, who understand the
public importance of it, there is a lot of enlightening information that oh, no, like
yeah, these are going to be an interesting discussion.
Yeah, so I'm glad Dan can do that.
And it's it's what part of the wonderful parts of our process is that when things do get
into the public record this way, that court proceedings can be critically discussed.
And that's something I'm glad Dan can do.
But yeah, there are there are certain things that there may be gaps.
I'm sure Jordan will sometimes ask a question that Dan would have to be no comment to.
I'll probably if that comes up, I'll probably edit it out.
You'll never know.
But yeah, like if you ask me what Alex smelled like, I'll have to cut that out.
Like a gently lavender wind, like, like the like freshly done laundry in the spring of
normally.
Yeah.
No, none of that kind of, you know, then that's the thing is, is you, Dan got to see sort
of an inside baseball process of a legal proceeding that a lot of people don't normally get to
see, which is how a deposition is done, because that's like testimony, but it's not in a courtroom.
You know, we were we were in a friend of mine's law office in Austin.
And and, you know, you're in this very tight quarters, where you have a videographer in
the room, a court reporters, taking everything down, you've got all your pairs of lawyers
in the room, and you've got the witness, and you're all in this this room together.
And and, you know, for one of these depositions, I think when as long as like, five, six hours.
Yeah, yeah, the corporate representative one with Daria was most of a day.
Yeah, yeah, it was very interesting.
But I'm actually, you know, the thing is, we've talked about these depositions in the
course of us talking for consulting purposes.
And I'm, I was, that's all from our legal perspective of what we're doing in the case.
And I'm actually interested as these become a little more public to hear what people's
reaction to them in a broader sense is, yeah, because unlike, I think, Jones's first deposition
and the first corporate representatives and all of that, which was very shallow and very
guarded and very mockery, I mean, it was just a kind of a farce of a thing.
This is a farce in its own way to slightly different farce.
Yeah, slightly different farce is how I would describe it.
Comedy of errors.
We, we all let your audience know that we recently had brought a motion for sanctions
based on this corporate deposition.
One with Daria with Daria, correct.
And that was because they had been ordered four times to give a corporate deposition
in the course of these cases, the first two times, they just didn't show up.
And then the second two times they sent Rob do both times and Rob do seem to be oblivious
to the fact that the law required him to prepare in any way for this deposition.
I think what you meant to say was a fucking legend.
Yeah.
That's going to go down in history as making one of the greatest episodes of all time.
They call Rob the sharp shooter.
I'll say like this was on for those because they also tuned into the hearings that we
have.
We had a hearing on Friday and our judges straight out said it was, it was a mockery.
It was an offensive deposition.
The Daria one.
Yes, exactly.
In the wake of an already offensive depositions from Rob do.
And so it's like to get your act together for this, they still haven't done it.
I think you'll see that.
But we recently brought that motion.
We had a hearing on Friday.
They were sanctioned yet again.
And I want to say that this is now, gosh, maybe the seventh or eighth time they've been
fined before ever actually having the trial happen.
It's pretty wild.
And so we're still trying to see what the full fallout of all of that is going to be.
But yeah, this did, this did not go well for them.
It it felt, you know, it's a, I was disappointed when I showed up in Austin because you'd only
told me there was a corporate representative.
I didn't know who it was going to be.
I was really excited for the possibility that we'd get another round with do.
Yeah.
I thought that would be a lot of fun.
And then learning that it was going to be Daria, I was like, man, she might be competent
at this.
And then it was so interesting.
And we'll get into this, like in more minute detail in the course of the episode, but it's
Rob Dewish, but in a very different way.
It's beautiful.
Yeah.
It's very different.
It's shocking.
Yeah.
It's, it's really interesting.
And I'm yeah.
So like I say, that's why I'm glad it's public.
I think that this was, I want to say this, you know, for the audience's benefit, I think
this was one of the more difficult things that I've had to do.
First of all, to not talk about this for this.
We did this at the beginning of December was when I came down to Austin and not being able
to mention it or not being able to be like, but you know, all the information that I had
that was in those depositions, I had to not know.
Sure, sure, sure, sure.
That was hard for you, but that's easy for you.
I didn't say anything, which is the real fucking accomplishment.
That's what I want to get across here.
Somehow I didn't break.
Who are you going to tell your dog?
But like it was really challenging and I'm glad that, you know, we're on the other side
of it now because it is a bit of a relief.
And then the second, the second challenge was really like questioning prior to agreeing
to come down, whether or not this was an instance of like sort of affecting the content of the
thing we're covering.
Right, right, right, right.
And I really wrestled with that and I struggled with that question because it's been something
that we've, a policy that we've tried to maintain as it relates to Alex's show.
Yeah, we don't want people to call in to his show to fuck with him in order for us to cover
it on the show.
And I felt like this was important enough of a thing to do and it's a once in a lifetime
opportunity.
Of course.
Anything I can do to help the families is something that is more important than our
show per se.
I mean it's hard to say no to fighting evil, so there is that.
And also it wouldn't have the same actual presentation as someone prank calling him
or something.
It wasn't a prank.
This was assisting in these are questions that may be fruitful to ask, these are ideas
to check in on.
And I think that is materially different than the way that we've had a non-engagement
in the past.
I think it's close, but I think it's on the right side of it.
This case is so different than most forms of litigation because of its subject matter
that when you need, for instance, an expert on pipe metallurgy and a plant explosion,
there's no chance that that same person is going to be critically covering in the media.
That's not a thing.
But what's interesting about this case is when you're in this kind of media litigation,
the only people in this country who are genuine bonafide experts on Jones are those who have
followed his media career and engaged in the criticism to fight back against it.
And in our first depositions, one of our consultants had been Brooke Benkowski, who was the managing
editor of Snopes, now at truthoffiction.com, and she had been one of, I feel like she's
sort of a modern day Cassandra of, she was saying in 2015, 2014, here's what fake news
and what Infowars is doing is about to do to our country.
And so I knew from the get-go, and she had sat in on some of our depositions too, and
we had the same sort of discussion of there is this scientist view that says the subject
of your inquiry should be kept in isolation and you shouldn't let your interactions with
it affect your observations of it, right?
And then there's the idea that Brooke had, which is, no, the entire point of critically
covering him and learning more information about him is because of the danger of harm
that he presents to people like my clients.
And therefore to offer that expertise to people who are trying to vindicate that in the court
of law is a noble calling, is how she felt about it.
And that's why I felt that this is such a different type of litigation.
It's so strange that way.
And I think it makes it very difficult for people in your position to ever testify at
trial because of that, right?
I could be impeached as a witness so easily based on a hundred things I've said on my
podcast.
I mean, like, why should we believe anything you said, right?
Like it doesn't, there's no, exactly, but I mean, I'll stand by everything I've ever
said.
I think I screamed at you about alien phones getting pregnant.
Yes.
We have been there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We'll end up playing on the stand.
It's no good.
Yeah.
No, I'm thinking about Jordan on the witness stand and I'm just thinking bad law and order
episodes like the witness starts shaking.
Let's go.
No, it would just be, you, you can't handle the truth.
You just do that.
That'd be...
No, that's not nice.
I would be far more clever.
You would do the scene from the critic.
Oh yeah.
Mustard gives me gas as does taffy.
All right.
Very obscure reference.
We got people to testify as experts.
We had to go to academia, right?
Like to people who were far out of it, right?
Who kind of view it from a distance and as much as they study his effects, it's legit
true.
Nobody in this country has studied the internal mechanics of how info wars works, how its
stories works, how its editorial process works.
Nobody's done it like you guys.
I mean, it's just, there's nobody who's in, and it's, it's weird that there was this vacuum
that when people saw what you were doing, the reason it was so well received is because
there is such a need for that.
Nobody has gone into that kind of depth.
So that's how you became what you are.
So I'm glad you're gonna be able to do this today.
And I'm going to jump out the window.
See, I thought, I thought the way it worked was if you're fighting against Godzilla, you
don't go to like a regular old army or whatever.
You have to get Mothra, right?
So if you're going to depose Alex Jones, you can't just go with some expert somewhere at
a goddamn university, you can be King Ghidorah.
This might surprise you, Jordan, but my, my litigation strategy has not been mostly informed
by 1960s RKO Tokyo pictures with monster movies.
And so we've had some different choices in there and Godzilla did not immediately spring
to mind when I thought of Dan.
I guess we have some differences of opinion that may not be resolved at this time.
I think, I think Mark's strategy probably speaks for itself, of not approaching this
like a Godzilla movie.
Well, I want to say thanks for inviting me to do this.
And also thanks for coming to do this little intro piece.
I think it's important to, you know, recognize some of the, the, the can'ts of, of what's
going to come up right now.
And laying the ground rules is important.
And I don't think I could have explained how this was made public record.
I don't know if I fully understood it.
Here's the best part.
I don't think info was fully understood it.
That's the hilarious part is it was the one they proposed.
And I don't think they understood it, but they just, it keeps happening.
I mean, it's the same fun for every deposition.
So, you know, if that's where they stand, they want to let it all be public.
And they've said that from the beginning, you know, we've had, we've have documentary
crews covering every court proceeding.
We have HBO's film and everything.
And they've been receptive to that.
And nobody has even asked for a gag order because gosh, look at what Jones is saying.
I mean, if you just, if you just turn on his show any day when he talks about this, wow,
it's out the window.
So it's, it's nice to counterbalance that with a, with a good thorough and non shallow
look at what actually happened in those rooms on those transcripts that day.
I'm glad you're going to do it.
Well, awesome.
I think, I think on that note, if, unless you have anything else to add, we should get
to that, uh, thorough, uh, look at these, uh, these depositions now, kick the tires,
get it rolling guys.
All right.
Thank you so much, Mark.
Thank you for having me.
So that's the, uh, that's the, the setup for this rundown.
Yup.
Uh, so I was there.
Yup.
Yup.
You were there.
I knew about it.
Uh, can't, uh, hide that or mask that.
I considered the, uh, the idea of like just going over these and not mentioning that I
was there.
Right.
Right.
Right.
I felt like that was very dishonest.
Yeah.
That'd be a little disingenuous there.
And the transcripts of these, uh, depositions are, my name is in them.
So if someone were to stumble across that, it would have the real air of impropriety
that I would have covered them and not brought that up.
Yeah.
You know, it would, it would almost necessitate a show about us with a host so dedicated as
to find the transcripts from this deposition and to discover that you were there.
Probably Harrison Smith.
Yeah.
It's probably who would do it.
Pretty sure.
So today what we're going to be doing is we're going to be going over, uh, the two depositions.
One is the corporate representative Daria Karpova, right?
The Russian Daria, Alex's assistant, uh, mysterious cake song, a very mysterious person in the
world of info Wars.
And now we get to see what she has to say for about six hours is a long day.
And then the other deposition is of Alex himself.
And we were going to be going over Alex's first and then Daria's for sort of structural
reasons.
Um, and, uh, here Jordan is an out of context drop from Alex's deposition.
You know who that is?
No.
Ah, liar.
We know that to be a lie.
Alex saying under oath that he doesn't know who Jar Jar Binks is.
How dare he?
Alex knows that he has a Caribbean black accent.
Alex knows damn well who Jar Jar Binks is.
So um, we start off the deposition, Mark is bringing up, uh, some of the, uh, talking
about Sandy hook, uh, stuff.
And Alex gave us his response, um, to this sort of general question.
One of the things you just talked about is that you have since this lawsuit has started,
you've said some things about Sandy hook, correct?
I've said things about organizations and groups that want to get rid of the first amendment,
trying to use me as a case to do it.
Okay.
Well, what I'm really talking about is you've said things about Sandy hook itself, correct?
I have, I have talked about, um, I mean, I've talked about the coverage surrounding it and
the lawsuits and that ongoing process.
Yes.
Um, well I actually want to ask you about a little something else.
Um, w w hold on, back up for a second.
One thing that you have said a few times is that in terms of when you did say that Sandy
hook was completely fake, synthetic, there were actors, et cetera.
You've said that you've apologized for that, correct?
Well first off, I said, I could see how people see that.
And I also, um, when people said, please apologize to us.
And I'd seen some of the anomalies that I think were wrong, uh, that weren't what people
were questioning online.
Then I'm like, yeah, of course, I'm sorry for, for questioning, uh, Sandy hook, but
it wasn't intended, you know, in a false way.
I mean, I really thought maybe it didn't happen.
And then, and then the attacks intensified and people began falsely saying that I was
currently saying those things and then exaggerating what I'd said as a way as a political weapon
that Hillary Clinton was using to beat me over the head with it in 2016 on record and
run national political ads, uh, against me playing edited tapes of me talking about Sandy
hook.
Okay.
First of all, objection non-responsive.
There are a couple of moments, and this is something that does happens a bit where, um,
you know, there's an objection of non-responsive cause you're just rambling about some first
of all, first of all, the question is, you know, you've talked about Sandy hook itself
after you, well, well, well, well, well, now look, Hillary Clinton wanted to use me as
a pillory.
Now what you Hillary's yes or no question actually involves Hillary Clinton and here's
where we begin.
Yes.
And there, there are a couple of times where it it's just like, it's, uh, it's out, it's
outrageous.
Yeah.
Mark will have to ask, uh, uh, uh, between Alex and Dario sometimes like, do you know
what question you're answering?
And there's slight confusion, repeat words back to me.
Right.
And so, you know, the question then comes up of like, you're saying this is your, your
understanding of how you covered Sandy hook and then we're going to be able to play for
the jury.
The opposite.
Right.
Right.
So why should they not see you as a liar?
Good question.
Yeah.
And so here's, here's where Alex goes with that.
Okay.
First of all, objection, non-responsive.
Second of all, you, Mr. Jones, you understand this jury is going to watch the videos of
you saying unequivocally, not, I see how people could think this, but unequivocally saying
Sandy hook completely or no, Mr. Jones, you don't get to interrupt me.
You understand that, sir?
You're here to answer questions for this jury and I want you to listen to the questions.
You know, this jury is going to watch videos of you saying multiple times over and over
again, Sandy hook is completely fake, completely synthetic.
It is not real.
Right.
And you're going to sit here in this chair and say, Oh, actually what I said, actually
what I said is I could see how some other people could think it was fake.
You know, the jury's going to see those videos and you know, they're going to hear your words.
Do you think that they should take you seriously whatsoever when they can see you saying the
things you said you didn't say?
I know, I know that the jury's going to say, I always heard that people are innocent until
proven guilty, not guilty until proven how guilty they choose and that the system's actually
scared for me to put on evidence.
The truth is deep down, I have still have real questions about Sandy hook and a lot
of the anomalies.
Yeah.
Now's the time to bring that up.
And the CIA visiting Adam Lanza before it happened and the FBI that was in mainstream
news and just all the bizarreness that went on.
The public still has real questions, just like to do about Jussie Smollett or the Roe
V. Wade baby that never actually died or WMDs in Iraq or just the Gulf of Tonkin or operation
Northwoods or Bubba Wallace or, or, you know, so many of these things that have happened,
most of these hate crimes and type things end up being false flags.
So I still, when I look at events, question and say, could this, could this be staged?
And we look for telltale signs.
What does that mean?
Um, I, I, here's what it means.
It means that he is going to take some lettuce and cheese and put it between two big slices
of chicken and call that a sandwich because he's doubling down.
This is such a bizarre like response to this question because I understand that what he's
trying to say is that like, Hey, events sometimes are suspicious and people should ask questions
about them.
Sure.
But then his list, like the Roe V. Wade baby, that's just a situation where he doesn't understand
the conversation.
People didn't think that the Roe V. Wade baby was dead.
That's the whole point of the case.
Right.
Right.
Over this.
And this was one of the storylines that was kind of a big talking point for Alex in the
beginning of December, which is why it's appearing in this deposition.
But I'm pretty sure you've been talking about it on air recently.
Yeah.
We have.
Yeah.
The Roe V. Wade baby was DB Cooper though.
So I think he does believe that that is a false flag.
Everything's connected, man.
Yeah, exactly.
It has to be.
So you've got that.
That's just him misunderstanding things.
And then you have the Gulf of Tonkin, the WFDs in Iraq.
Why wouldn't you?
And that is in the same conversation as Jussie Smollett and Bubba Wallace.
Yeah.
Two examples of racially based antagonistic narratives that he has.
I don't know if Bubba Wallace's situation, the NASCAR garage, is on the scale of lying
about weapons of mass destruction.
I would say it's different.
I would also say that now, in the deposition for damages, for the case you've already lost,
not the best time to say I still have questions about whether it's not happening.
It's a strange move.
But more to the point, what I'm trying to say is he's giving
these examples.
Then he's like, all of these hate crimes end up being staged or whatever.
And then are you comparing, is Sandy Hook a hate crime to you?
Is this the connective tissue?
It makes no sense.
It's just-
I mean, all crimes involve hate.
So aren't all hate crimes crimes and crimes hate crimes?
Let me hit that blunt.
Yeah.
I mean, it's a strange tactic that's being deployed and I would have advised against
it.
No, I think it's great.
Okay.
I'm loving it so far.
We're two clips in.
I think he's going to win this thing.
There does seem to be a trend of, like you're describing it as doubling down, where it's
like, why don't we just reopen this wound?
Yeah, I bet, Phoenix.
Why not?
It's really, I mean, we've already lost.
Yeah.
So Mark kind of pushes on that angle.
All right, Mr. Johnson, here's a video of you.
Just like the New York Times lying about WMDs on purpose and all those are evil things.
No, but I questioned one of the big events they hyped up because of a lot of the anomalies
and I have a right to question that.
In fact, I for a while thought it didn't happen, then I thought I probably did it now, seeing
how synthetic everything is and my original instinct, maybe Alex Jones is always.
I'm pretty much right 99% of the time folks, so are you.
I mean, we all know this is easy to look at and see what's happening.
So now you're back to feeding your audience this lie about Sandy Hook, right?
Correct.
No, that's an that I'm proud of the video and I'm proud of my statement and it's full
context and we'll be able to show the jury and they will see what I had to say and see
that I'm speaking up for the American tradition of being able to challenge authority stories
that almost always turn out to be at least partially wrong.
Please keep that promise and play the whole October 1st video.
Please keep that promise.
Okay.
I will be vindicated.
I'm liking, I'm liking Mark's, you can hear Mark smiling.
You can hear the smile.
If you pay close attention, you can hear a laugh a couple of times too.
There is a, a jocular nature going on here.
And so this, this is a good, this seems to be a good line of questioning and so this
gets pursued.
Like you lost this case by default and so now you're back to suggesting that Sandy Hook
was fake.
Why not?
Because there's probably no consequences for it.
You're going to double lose.
And so this, this is a pushed on a little.
Please keep that promise and play the whole October 1st video.
Please keep that promise.
Okay.
But second, what has happened here is now that you got beat in court, now that a default's
been granted.
So I didn't get beat in court.
I got, I got beat by an organized crime syndicate.
Now that a default has been granted, you don't have to pretend anymore, do you?
That's what's going on.
Right?
Objection form.
No, that's not what's happened.
A death penalty sanction with all the stuff we produced, I believe is a fraud and it's
because they're scared of the real evidence coming out and want to be able to tell a jury
that this man is guilty.
Now you decide how guilty.
No, juries are supposed to decide if someone is guilty or not, period, not how guilty they
are.
So you guys can try to do all your anti-free speech stuff.
All you're doing is waking up the American people.
So there's a, there's a real trend here at the beginning of the deposition of like, like
allowing a bit of going back and forth.
Let's have a little bit of getting this out of the system.
Sure.
Yeah.
There are more, uh, actual solid questions and like pieces of evidence, uh, on the back
end of this.
But it almost feels like let's, let's warm up a little with, uh, with some, some sparring
because obviously Alex will want to do that the whole time.
He kind of bait him a little bit and he, he gets, he gets to throwing out stuff like,
you know, Hey, but people do have questions.
I'm proud of this statement that maybe I actually was right.
It's like when, uh, when I used to host shows, you know, it's like, get all your heckling
down out of the way.
I'm up top.
We'll get all, get it all out of your system.
Basically Mark asking Alex if he has a birthday coming up.
Totally.
100% anybody celebrating anything.
Yes, absolutely.
Yeah.
So this, this line of questioning does even continue.
All you're doing is waking up the American people.
All right.
So let's just be honest about what this is.
You got mad after you got defaulted and you lashed out by saying that Sandy hook was fake
again.
That's what happened.
No, I have privately, uh, I mean, I've told my crew and I've, I mean, I've, and I've always
said I really have real questions about this, but I can't 100% prove it was totally staged,
but the CIA was definitely involved and, and that came out and then I was, I was told again
by high level folks in the CIA that it was staged back at the time.
And so I went with them and also what Wolfgang Halbig said and others.
So I really believe that, that, that, that, that it should be looked at.
I'm going to guess the CIA person Alex is referring to might be Steve Pachanik.
Yes.
I don't think it's an actual real source.
No, but Alex has brought up that CIA involvement thing a couple of times.
So I want to just touch on that really quickly because I don't think, I'm not even sure if
that came up necessarily in episodes that we've done.
So it might be new to some ears.
The CIA wasn't involved in the shooting, but when the FBI released the redacted reports
of the investigation, it included interviews with people who knew Adam Lanza and his mother.
There's one interview that they conducted with a person whose name is redacted, which
was filed in a report that was dated December 16th, 2012.
This was a friend of Lanza's mother, Nancy, who had her over to the house periodically.
Quote, when Adam Lanza was in ninth grade, Nancy told Redacted that Adam had hacked into
a government computer system.
Adam had made it through the second level of security, and when he tried to breach the
third level, the screen went black and the authorities showed up at Lanza's door at 36
Yogananda Street.
Nancy believed that the authorities that showed up at her door were either the FBI or CIA.
Nancy had to convince the authorities that her son was just very intelligent and was
challenging himself to see if he could hack into a government system.
If you consider this on the larger picture of that full interview, it's fairly clear
that this was not a reliable assessment that Nancy was making.
And that's where the CIA comes from.
It's Nancy saying that these people were CIA that showed up.
One event that's described in this interview involves that friend leaving invitations to
a dinner party in all of the neighbors' mailboxes.
Nancy never RSVP'd, so this person asked why, and Nancy said it was, quote, because there
was no return address on the envelope, she had thought there was anthrax in it.
This is what Alex is using as the foundation of his assertion that the CIA was involved
in the Sandy Hook shooting.
He's spinning conspiracy theories about the shooting while under oath in the deposition
where he's being sued for things related to his spinning of conspiracy theories about
the shooting.
It just seems like he can't stop.
Like it's, I don't even know why you would do this.
It works in an argument setting, like if you're arguing with somebody on a podcast or Piers
Morgan or something, this is a great strategy to use, but I don't know about in court.
Yeah, I'm already at, through the deposition as so far, I'm like, okay, he has clearly
established that learning is not a possibility.
You know what I mean?
Like it's not going to stop.
I think probably learning is counter to his business model, like it probably would have
been a maladaptive strategy early on.
Right, right, right, right.
So why change now?
Which to me says that if I'm like, hey, here's how we punish this guy.
If you want it to stop, you have to bankrupt him.
That's the reality of it because he's not going to stop.
And if he does stop for the Sandy Hook families, it's just going to go somewhere else and he's
not going to learn from the behavior because in the depositions for the behavior, he's
already lost.
He's doing the behavior.
Yeah, it does feel a bit like the dead end in terms of trying to learn a lesson.
You got to bankrupt him otherwise there's no lesson to be learned.
That's your perspective?
That's my perspective.
So Alex is pretty mad because he has been defaulted and he's lost these cases by default
and he believes that he's complied with everything that's been requested of him.
Of course.
So this turns a little bit embarrassing.
You've repeatedly said that this, this court process, this lawsuit, what just happened
is all a sham because you turned everything over and that court still defaulted you anyway,
right?
Yes.
Owen Schroyer, you never sent him one deposition, one document request, one thing, and he was
defaulted along with me.
And if that isn't fraud, then nothing is.
Okay, hold on.
I may have to pull this order for you because I need you to understand this.
Do you understand that in Ms. Neil Hessen's case, there was a court order requiring Owen
Schroyer to appear for deposition.
Do you know that?
I know he appeared for deposition yesterday after you asked for it after the default.
No, sir.
Mr. Jones, do you understand that there was an order in August 31st, 2018 asking Mr. requiring
Owen Schroyer to appear for deposition?
Did you know that?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Yeah.
You didn't know that.
You were doing your show without even knowing what the discovery was.
Yeah.
So the claims that Alex is making of like complying with all this stuff when confronted
with like, this is something from three and a half, four years ago that you just ignored.
Do you know that?
Uh, nope.
Don't know that.
I mean, I was waiting for him to say what I would have said, which was just like, really?
It's been going on that long, huh?
Wow.
How the time flies.
What a strange trip we've been on guys.
Am I right?
You know, like let's just stop and take a moment to appreciate where we've all gotten
to.
Look, let's just forget about this case.
Isn't it great that you and me have become friends?
We've been doing this for so long.
Let's just go get a drink.
Come on.
Look at how many lawyers I've got to meet over the course of this thing.
So many new friends.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The real default judgment was the friends we made along the way.
Yeah.
And actually I was thinking about this.
I want to, I want to make one really important clarification in terms of the preparation
of these clips.
I have done a little editing, but the only things that I've cut out are when there'll
be a call for an exhibit and then there is a long stretch while the exhibit is being
procured.
Yeah.
Out of a binder.
And so there are long stretches of like, just finding shit basically.
So I've cut those down for the sake of listening, but not taking out things that would provide
greater context or lead to a misrepresentation.
They're available if you want to go check Dan's work.
I just want to, but I did do that.
Whereas I usually don't.
No, I understand.
So I just wanted to be totally clear understood.
So Alex has been confronted with the fact that Owen Troyer did in fact get called for
a deposition in 2018 and they just ignored it and turns out they ignored a whole bunch
more stuff.
So you got on your show without even knowing what the discovery was.
Did you know in Mr. and Mr. Mr. Posner's case and Mrs. Dela Rosa's case, do you understand
they're suing you right?
I've never said her name.
I'm never going to say it.
I'm not asking you about what you said.
You know, they're suing you, don't you?
Correct.
Let's just start there.
You know, there's a law.
I know I didn't get a jury trial.
I know a judge said I was guilty.
I don't believe that I live in the Soviet union.
Mr. Jones, you're not answering the questions.
Let's just admit it right now.
You're not answering questions.
I'm asking you, do you know that Leonard Posner and Veronique Dela Rosa sued you?
Do you know that?
Yes.
Okay.
Do you know they served you discovery?
I believe so.
Yes.
Yeah.
You know, you didn't answer it ever.
That's not true.
It is true.
Mr. Jones.
And I bet you, when you go back and you talk to your lawyers, you're going to find out
a lot of things you don't know.
It's I'm not going to tell you, Mr. Jones, not like you got a bad grade on your homework.
Like you didn't turn it in.
You didn't know that.
What were the depositions we had and all the 81,000 documents?
That's in Mrs. Lewis' case.
That's when Mr. Barnes came in.
That's when, and we'll get to that.
Let's talk about that in a minute.
But first let's take on Mr. Posner and Mrs. Dela Rosa's case.
You don't know that you never answered discovery, do you?
You don't even know that.
Correct?
Again, I don't have that stuff in front of me.
Right.
Ooh.
Ah.
A little bit of a less gusto and bravado once the actual like factual information is.
That's not good.
No, that's going to break your heart.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I see Mark broke out his tap dancing shoes upon which to dance on Alex's grave, I believe.
I think you can tell there's a tone of this is after the case is already decided and this
isn't the first time that Mark's been, like he's deposed Alex.
And so there is kind of a familiarity that maybe wouldn't be there in the first time
that they interacted.
And so the list just goes on of stuff in discovery that Alex claims he was on.
He did everything for, but did not.
You've got Mr. Posner and Mrs. Delarosa's case where you didn't even answer discovery.
You got Mr. Hessen's defamation case where you didn't show up for defamation, answer
any discovery or show up for deposition.
Neither did Mr. Schroyer, neither did the company.
You've got Mrs. Lewis' case where you wrote an affidavit saying your lawyer screwed it
up and you've got Mr. Hessen's IED case, which you just got sanctioned because you sent Rob
Dew to the deposition and he couldn't answer any questions.
And if all of those things are true, when you get onto your show and you tell your show
that this is all just a kangaroo court and you completely complied but got railroaded,
that's not true.
None of that's true.
No, it is true.
I mean, I remember giving you guys all sorts of stuff and you would say you hadn't been
given it or you weren't given, wasn't given the way you wanted it.
It's just, I mean, look, it should be on the issues of what did I say on air?
It should be maybe-
You don't want it to be on that either.
That's not fair, is it?
Mr. Delarosa, excuse me, Mrs. Delarosa and Mr. Posner have the right to ask you questions,
right?
Do you agree with that or not?
I mean, I've sat for these depositions.
You have not sat for a deposition for Mrs. Delarosa and Mr. Posner.
And they have that right, don't they?
I don't know.
You really don't, do you?
That is probably a difficult question for Alex to ask or to answer either in the affirmative
or the negative because I think either introduces more questions that he probably doesn't want
to answer.
What a bad day.
Just especially in your deposition where you're fucked up, to have the lawyer remind you you're
not even a third of the way through the number of cases-
That you've ignored.
That you have ignored.
Yeah, it would be challenging.
Listen, not only have you been getting an F in my class, I'm here to talk to you about
your other classes as well.
And now we should also talk about a class that you took previously, which is in this
metaphor the last deposition.
We went over that, and if you'll recall, there were a number of times where citation and
sourcing was discussed, and Alex would make a claim in a video or on his show, and Mark
would ask, where did you get that from?
And Alex, he responded on a number of these cases with, I don't know, but I could get
it for you.
If you give me time, I could get it for you.
How did we do?
Well, we get the circles back.
Do you remember we talked in that last deposition about the Bloomberg email, where Bloomberg
sent an email out to his people, said, get ready in the next 24 hours, there's going
to be a big event.
You remember that?
That was a new story, yeah.
Yeah, and then we talked about it for a while because you had brought that up to me.
You were like, look, I don't have the email itself.
That was something I was reporting on.
I had, there was a story about it and I was reporting on it.
You remember that?
I do.
And then you remember you told me you could find it for me, right?
Yeah.
I believe I said that.
And then you never gave it to me, did you?
I'd be honest with you, Banks.
And you don't really inhabit much of my mind.
You don't have much respect for any of this process, do you?
I don't think you have respect for America or anything.
Oh my God, what a whiny baby.
But nailed it.
Oh, he did.
He did.
That was well delivered.
I'm going to give him that.
You don't have respect for the proceedings that are going on here.
You don't have respect for America.
That was his, that was his, you can't handle the truth moment.
And I get it.
He earned it.
But it was also delivered, like that line, you know, you couldn't handle the truth or
whatever.
If it was delivered like that, it would not be a classic movie moment.
No, no, no, no.
Absolutely not.
If it was sort of muttered.
If it was a whiny baby doing it.
You can't handle the truth.
You can't handle the truth.
Yeah.
Not as electric.
No.
Your truth is dumb.
Yeah, that was, that was pretty interesting.
That response I think was shocking.
It's just outright combativeness.
It's fun for the sake of a podcast or maybe a show, but like it's...
For the sake of a functioning legal system.
Terrible.
It's awful.
I don't think it impresses anybody.
Really bad.
Really, really bad.
So now we get to a discussion about Alex's audience size, and this might've been a mistake
on Alex's part.
I want to play you a piece of audio from your radio show.
So there's not going to be any video to show you, but this is going to be exhibit three.
It was 3% that volunteered for Revolutionary War, back in 1776, but if you look at the
Infowars audience, it's maybe 10% of the United States, another 10% or so worldwide, the 10%
of that's a conservative estimate.
That's true.
That's a guesstimation.
It's probably a lot higher than that, right?
I don't know.
So you do...
I need to find an audience and somebody tune in once a month, once a year, once a day.
You're the one who said it, Mr. Jones, you tell me.
It's a very short clip.
I need to know the context.
I need to know...
There's nothing else said about audience in that entire clip.
Okay.
Well, I haven't heard the whole clip.
It's an advertisement for some sort of pill or something.
I'm asking you right now, is 10% of America an accurate representation of Infowars listenership?
That's true, right?
Major media organization.
I mean, I would say a larger percentage than that agree with my worldview, but I mean,
I would say 10% of the countries watch something I've done and agree with me.
And then globally, another 10%, right?
Because you're...
Let me put it this way, Infowars programming is not bound by US borders.
It's the internet's everywhere, right?
Okay.
And so globally, Infowars also has a very large audience, right?
Maybe 10% of the globe is listening into Infowars, right?
I would imagine 10% of the people in...
That's more hyperbole, but the English speaking world, yeah, I would say so.
Whoa.
So this is a bit of a misstep, I believe, on Alex's part, because he's in a deposition
where the goal is determining the damages he's going to be facing in this case.
One of the relevant questions when it comes to defamation, particularly in a case like
this, where the defamation was broadcast, is how many people were exposed to the defamatory
material.
And the interest of his case should make Alex downplay the size of his audience, but his
ego won't allow it.
So he says under oath that 10% of the English speaking world, or about 135 million people,
are in his audience.
That's a wide audience that he's essentially admitting would have been exposed to the things
that he's being sued for, which is unclear if he even understood that in this question.
Nope.
It's not like...
Mark is clearly asking these, like, you got a big show, big audience.
No.
He's writing a puff piece about him.
It's so funny to me because from, I mean, like I can see this perfectly just from Alex's
tone of voice is just like, this is a man who knows something's up, but you're saying
all the right things to make me say the things that I want to say.
So these questions of like, you've got a big audience, don't you, Mr. Jones?
Even the way that Mark has phrased it is, of course Alex is going to say, well, yes,
my audience is huge.
You should smell a trap.
And he does.
He does smell a trap.
I can hear it.
Not well enough.
But he doesn't know what it is.
It's so funny to me.
It's so funny to me.
He thinks the trap is coming, but the trap was already sprung, my friend.
Do you think that this lawyer is asking you this question?
So on the, like, you know, in front of the jury, you can say, Hey, this guy's really
successful.
This guy's so good.
We should be proud of what he's created.
I mean, hey, I think he's a monster, but he did, he's got 135 million regular listeners.
What are you supposed to say?
It's not like you take the time to ask this if it wasn't part of something, a point you're
trying to build.
Alex has just helped that point get built, built in a way that you couldn't possibly
build through like just looking at web traffic or whatever.
Nope.
Alex has done a great favor, I would say, in terms of establishing a self-reported audience
size.
I can just feel how stupid he is.
That's brutal.
So this is a particular highlight for me, Mike down for this, because now that we've
established that there's this really large audience, Mark wants to talk about, you know,
you have a responsibility to not lie to your audience.
This is great.
Hyperbole is something you're very familiar with.
Yes, that's right.
Talk radio is a big part of that, yeah.
Exactly.
So when addressing that audience, your United States and global audience, would you ever
intentionally lie to them?
No.
Okay.
Let me play you another clip.
I don't want to ever see little Blitzer hurt, because, well, Blitzer's a human maggot.
I mean, like, you really want to start a fight with us, just, he just can't help it.
Yeah, you do, don't you?
You're begging for it.
You're begging, you're begging to get your guts stomped out hard.
And I don't know if you ever had your guts stomped out, but you don't live after that
happens.
So you, not that I've ever stomped anybody's guts out.
Actually, I have a couple times, it's not too nice.
Takes people a long time to die after you stomp their guts up, but that's no threat
to Wolf Blitzer.
How many people have you physically killed?
None.
Well, I guess we could officially put it to bed.
Alex has not technically probably killed a guy.
Well, Alex will say under oath that he has not killed anybody.
That's such a great, like, little ping pong exchange of, like, you know, you got this
large audience, it's important to, you can use hyperbole, but it's important not to directly
lie to them, right?
Yes.
Here's you lying.
Oh man, every time, every single time, I answered a question and Mark said, let me play a clip
for you.
I'd throw the desk away.
I'd be like, fine, you win.
If you've got a clip, you win.
You get what you want.
Well, I think, I think another response would be like, just sitting there, like, how am
I going to say this is out of context?
How am I going to, hmm.
Can my lawyer yell something?
I stepped on a nail and then run.
So this is the point here in the, in the deposition where we start to get around to some documents
and some exhibits being introduced.
And this one was a bit of a curve ball.
This was a surprise.
It's fair to say that Leonard Posner and Free Speech Systems have had an unfriendly relationship
over the years.
No, I, I'm not, I mean, I don't really follow what he does, so.
And you've done shows about him.
So you do follow him, correct?
I mean, I don't, I never refresh my memory.
So, I will refresh your memory about what you know about Mr. Posner.
Let me show you what it marks as a 10-5. Have you ever seen that before?
No, not that I remember. What is it?
That's the sole document you produced to me just a couple, I guess, a month or two ago
in regard to discovery requests for any documents you had regarding Mr. Posner.
That's the sole document that was in that folder labeled Posner.
That's it.
And that, you will agree with me, appears to be a very large, looks to be about a 187 page
comprehensive background report on Mr. Posner.
Correct.
Oh, I never ran a background report on Posner.
I've never even seen this.
I understand that you probably never even saw that.
Did someone email us this and then we opened it?
I don't know, Mr. Jones. You gave it to me.
What am I supposed to tell you about it? I don't know.
You tell me. That's why I got you.
I did not. I mean, we just go through the email, most of it even unopened, and just send you guys everything.
This isn't an email, is it?
I would imagine. Well, I've never run a background thing on Posner.
All right. Well, one thing we can agree on, because if you look at the bottom of that document, it says FSSTX.085544, correct?
Yeah.
That's the Bates numbers you all use when you give me documents, right?
Mm-hmm.
So this document right here came from Infowars Corporate Files.
I thought you said we haven't given you any documents.
Ooh.
Mr. Jones.
Earlier you said we're defaulted. We gave you nothing. We didn't even respond.
You gave me documents in the Lewis case in response to documents in the end.
Okay. Well, I mean, listen, I'm just telling you, I've never looked at this.
That's not what I'm asking you, Mr. Jones.
But I remember hearing in the news about somebody in Florida doing a background thing on him, and so I figure somebody might have sent us this.
I'm just guessing. I shouldn't guess. I don't know.
Yeah. Do you think you should be guessing in this deposition?
No, I just said, you're right. I don't know what this is.
So let's not do that anymore.
I think that the attempt there on Alex's part to try and evade with the, I thought we didn't give you any documents, has met with a laugh.
And clearly this isn't going to be a road that Alex is going to be able to go down.
And so instead, he's like, well, I heard there was a guy in Florida. That's obviously a reference to Wolfgang Halbig.
Yeah.
But he didn't want to say his name and evoke it.
I'm going to say his name.
Maybe I'm going to get through this deposition without Halbig coming up.
I bet nobody says Halbig's name. I bet they don't even remember this whole thing. Remember, we got served in 2018. I don't even remember this guy.
Yeah, that's a strange sort of vibe.
Not good.
So this is a particularly interesting point in this exchange, because Alex seems actually confused by the presentation of this document.
And it's a gigantic and extensive background check on Leonard Posner, one of the parents of the children killed at Sandy Hook.
The fact that Free Speech Systems turned that over in the case is bizarre.
The fact that that was in their files to begin with is bizarre. Like, all of it does not add up.
I suspect, based on Alex's attempts to workshop an explanation, that one of two things is going on here.
Either he knew about this document and is surprised to see it, so he's trying to come up with a cover story.
Or he had no idea about its existence, but he realizes how fucked up it is that that was in their files.
So he's trying to come up with a cover story for that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Either way, the result is an unconvincing mess.
And this question is just left open for a jury to hear without any explanation or exculpatory context on Alex's part.
And I don't think the existence of this document looks good.
No, no, no, no. I mean, I believe that Alex has never read it.
Sure, it's very long.
It's 187 pages, that's fine.
I mean, of all, they were going through the things they want to give, which obviously we know excludes so many things.
And they were looking at the one file in letter positor's name, and they were like,
let's put this super suspicious, massive background report that we totally didn't have ordered or asked for.
With no explanation.
No context.
Everybody seems confused by its existence.
What are you doing here?
Yeah, it's so bizarre.
Especially considering one of the things that's discussed about Alex and Infowars' behavior is the publishing of Posner's address.
Personal details.
Where he got his mail and stuff.
So the existence of this kind of extremely thorough background report is not great.
Yeah, one that has a lot of personal information about it.
You bet.
You know, if I were somebody who had already had a default judgment against me in one case,
and then specifically releasing a private person's information was at fault in another case,
I would not want to have a big stack of that person's private information.
In your corporate files?
Yeah.
It does seem to, at least it provides opportunity.
You know, like, how would you have information?
Well, here's how you would possibly have that information.
Where did this come from?
Listen, we walk down the streets and shit falls from the sky.
I don't know what to tell you.
It's very strange, and this will be revisited in the Daria deposition, so we will get back to this.
But this is a nice little semantic game Alex tries to play about this.
One thing we can agree on is that in the files of Free Speech Systems is a 187 page investigators comprehensive report on Leonard Posner.
According to you?
No, no, no, no, sir.
According to you, I want your testimony.
I told you I've never seen this before.
I don't care if you've seen it before.
Okay.
I'm saying you put, this is your Bates number on the bottom, correct?
Yes.
Okay.
This came from Infowars corporate files.
Okay.
I think that there is a good dynamic going on where Alex keeps trying to get around things.
And I think that Mark's strategy is flexible enough that he can allow for Alex to say some bullshit and then run into a wall with some of these deflection tactics.
I think it's very good.
I think it's a lot of fun.
Yeah, you really have to establish for a while in advance that no, Alex, you sent this to us.
This is yours, not mine.
I'm not making claims about it.
This is what you sent to us.
And when these sort of linguistic and rhetorical dodges that he uses that are just almost second nature.
Couldn't stop himself if he wanted to.
I would imagine not, but you do have to sort of put a pin in them.
Because you do it enough, it does send the message that I'm not going to put up with this.
No, nip it in the bud.
It's going to be an ineffective and unsuccessful strategy.
Yeah.
And I think that may be how you have to talk to him.
Come down fast and hard, I guess.
A little parental, but.
Well, if he didn't sound like he had failed a book report every time he answered a question,
maybe you wouldn't have to talk to him like a fucking child.
Perhaps.
So they get into talking about the chain of events where Leonard Posner contacted Infowars with a polite complaint,
and then it went from there.
Now, Mr. Posner started in all of this, privately complaining to Infowars.
You agree with that.
He made a private complaint to you.
Yes.
Okay.
And he was very polite about it, wasn't he?
It's been a long time since I saw the email, but I think so.
Okay.
And when that didn't work, he complained again, but this time to YouTube.
You know about that, right?
I really don't remember.
You know Mr. Posner complained to YouTube, right?
No.
I mean, I remember people said he was going around getting a lot of stuff taken down all over the place.
And it made you mad, didn't it?
No.
No, actually I told my crew members, Sandy Hook's a tar baby, stop covering it.
Oh boy.
Let's keep that one in.
Oh boy.
Okay.
I want that in the legal record for the rest of my life.
I want the legal system to know what I said.
That was a little disappointing.
Yeah.
But the way Alex answered that question is really puzzling to me.
Like, listening to it, I was very confused.
First, he's aware that Mr. Posner politely complained to Infowars and was ignored.
Then, Alex is unaware that Posner went on to complain to YouTube,
but when confronted with how absurd that statement is considering things he said publicly,
Alex tries to explain how he could be mad at Posner about free speech issues,
but somehow not aware that he'd complained to YouTube about Alex and gotten a strike on his channel.
You can basically hear the gears moving here, where Alex is trying to come up with a just plausible enough explanation
for all the details he thinks he has to account for.
Like, oh no, the reason I did those shows was because I heard that he was getting things taken down all over the place
and was against free speech.
Had nothing to do with any personal interaction I had.
No, no, no, no.
My revenue stream being shut down eventually due to the germination of effort from this one particular man,
I wouldn't pay attention to that at all.
Please!
What was I getting from YouTube? Millions?
So, this is just confusing. This answer is bizarre.
Long before you guys ever sued me, I would scream at people if they even talked about it, because it's Tar Baby.
That's why I told you, I just had to compartmentalize it because it's just like constant, I'm the Sandy Hook man, I killed the kids.
I had people in Florida just a few months ago go, you killed those kids! And I went, no I didn't.
And they just said, whatever. People don't know who Adam Lanzy is, they think I killed the kids, so whatever.
I mean, I just, you know, you guys use a deep platforming, people think I killed the kids, all this stuff.
Just do your worst.
What was my question?
I've answered your question.
You don't know what it was. You were just talking. You were just, right?
No, I didn't know what your question was.
Right, and so you just started talking, because you didn't even know what it was.
Because it wasn't a clear question.
Because you don't care, correct?
Because it wasn't a clear question.
Yeah, you gotta talk to him like a child. You just gotta.
What was the question? What question or do you think you're answering?
Well, you know, I answered your question.
Nope.
No, I did. I did. Yeah, I said words. You said words, I said words. That's how words work.
The question was regarding awareness of the YouTube complaint that Posner had made.
Didn't you see? He answered that question.
I went to Florida and someone said I killed the kids.
Yes, he answered the question. People don't even know who Adam Lanza is. I killed the kids.
Just do your worst to me. That's the answer to that question, Dan.
So, this transitions from some questions about Mr. Posner to being questions about another parent,
Neil Hesselen, who was featured in the Megan Kelly piece that Alex got so mad about.
And we get a good establishing question here.
When Neil Hesselen, okay, first of all, you know who Neil Hesselen is, right?
Yes.
Okay. So, when Neil Hesselen appeared on Megan Kelly's show in 2017, do you remember that?
Yes.
Okay. When he went on there and said he was upset by the things you were saying about Sandy Hook, did you believe him?
I thought it was all done very theatrically in a very canned way, but I do think parents had pain in their children.
But it was all done. It had an infomercial feel to it. And that's my view of it.
Look, I don't care really what you think about Megan Kelly or NBC News run by the largest weapons manufacturer in the world.
You know, like, I don't care. Yes, they make incredibly edited videos.
They  it's a complete  I mean, if you  I'm sure if you've ever seen an NBC production, lights and cameras and staging that, they set up scenes.
They do all this stuff. I know that. I know it looks like a video. I'm not asking about NBC or Megan Kelly.
I just want to know about Neil Hesselen. Did you believe him?
Objection form.
Believe him about what?
When he said he was upset about the things you said about Sandy Hook, did you believe him?
Yes, I believe him.
So this is, I think, a really good approach that Mark is taking with the questioning, where he's getting out in front of Alex's criticism of the media.
This is one of the ways that Alex can best deflect from taking responsibility for his actions is to point to other media entities and yell about the mistakes they've made or how they're corrupt.
By introducing that on his own, Mark is essentially taking that tool away or at least weakening its impact because if Alex tries to employ that dodge, the response he can clearly expect isn't a distracting argument,
but something like, we're in agreement that the media isn't great, but that's not relevant to the discussion we're having.
Yeah, he just cut off Alex's feet.
Essentially, yeah. This is something that I think is a really good tactic you can use when you're talking to hyper-evasive people who are also full of shit.
If there's something that's a standard rhetorical refuge that they tend to take, staking out your own claim in that space makes it so they're less comfortable retreating to it.
And that's a good ploy. And at the same time, you've re-centered this to being like, did you believe Neil Heslin when he said this about his kid?
Because that is kind of relevant.
I want to take you back to the night that you first saw that Megyn Kelly interview, which probably was a surprise for you considering that it was not what she represented it to you to be, correct?
Yes.
Okay. And on that night when you saw that video and you saw Mr. Heslin saying those things, I want to take you back to that date, okay?
And at that date, you understood that if InfoWorst were to make a video saying Mr. Heslin could not have held his son, that would be very upsetting to Mr. Heslin. You understood that.
Protection form.
No, I did not understand that.
Okay.
This is bizarre. Because he has said already that he understood and believed Neil Heslin on Megyn Kelly's show that he was upset by the things that InfoWorst has said.
He said apparent has to be a fe pain.
Sure. But somehow now he's saying that he doesn't understand that saying more stuff.
What are human emotions?
Yeah, that's like an inherent contradiction that he's making.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And that is kind of bizarre.
Alex, excuse me. Do you understand basic human empathy? Just on a...
A little.
Okay. Well.
So after the Megyn Kelly piece, Owen Schroyer did a story where he said that Neil Heslin couldn't have held his son.
Right. Yes, I recall.
Which is part of the lawsuit. And so, you know, we want to know why did he do that? Who gave him the idea to do that?
How do you feel about it now? Do you know sitting here today who made the choice for Owen Schroyer to put those claims by Jim Fetzer on the air about Neil Heslin after the Megyn Kelly interview? Do you know who did that?
It was a live show. See, it's not a video we made. It was a live show. And I believe he read a Zero Hedge article. He just read an article.
About Jim Fetzer stuff, right? Remember that?
I believe he was in the article.
Right. And you understand that a video was made for that and uploaded to YouTube on June 26, 2017? Would you have any reason to dispute that?
I'm not sure we even had our YouTube channel then.
But you did. You did. You lost it.
You also know that a month after Mr. Schroyer made that video, you then took that five-minute video from the live show and played it on your show again. You understand that? You're being sued for that.
Yes, I guess.
Okay. So whose decision was it, if you know, for him to basically give more air to Mr. Fetzer's claims? Whose decision was that?
It was Owen's decision.
Okay.
Ooh. Hey, Owen, meet my friend Buss over here. You're going to go under it.
Oh boy.
Yeah, that was all Owen.
Yeah.
Now, that still doesn't excuse Alex's re-airing of the video on his show.
Nope. That was your choice, based on what Alex has just said, which is that Owen obviously has control over his own show.
Sure.
It's a live show. He chose to do that.
That means that Alex, having the same control over his show-
Probably more.
You would assume-
Yeah.
Chose to air the exact same information on his show.
Ah, look, I don't have time for those kinds of little decisions.
Okay, that's a good point. But wait, is it?
So there's a rebuttal to this and a follow-up question that Mark may have some information that runs counter to this thing that Alex is saying.
Uh-oh.
The thing is, I talked to him a couple days ago and he said, no, he didn't read it at all or research it. Somebody put it in front of him and told him to do it.
He doesn't remember who, but he doesn't do that. I mean, he doesn't research stuff himself. Somebody puts it in front of him.
So let's try to go at it this way. If Owen's going to be doing that video that day-
I don't agree with that statement.
Okay. Well, I mean, again, talk to Owen because he testified a couple days ago, right?
So this question Mark poses brings up a point that puts Alex in a really uncomfortable position.
He needs the impression to be that InfoWars reporters are all in-depth researchers who bring their own work to the show and deliver hard news.
This is an important image for Alex to maintain since it looks like what journalists do, kind of.
The problem, however, is that Owen has told Mark that when he said that Neil Hesseland couldn't have held his son after the shooting,
that he was just reading an article someone put in front of him with no awareness of what the article was or what the sources were.
So Alex is now in the position of having to claim that Owen lied.
This is likely because the alternative opens a can of worms that Alex does not want to have opened to the public,
and that's asking the question, who put the article in front of Owen?
If Owen isn't lying, then someone in that studio has a shocking level of editorial control over what goes on on the show,
and we have no idea who that person might be.
You can see how this question alone could lead to some discomfort because if such a person exists,
you have to ask yourself, how did they get this editorial authority?
Is that part of their job description, and what kind of digging do they do into the sources that they're providing for the anchors to just say on air?
On the flip side of this, it also opens up a question about who can and can't just tell Owen what to say on air.
If a person who fed him the story was someone like a boom mic operator, then that raises the question,
can anyone just put something in front of Owen and he'll read it on air as the news?
Yeah.
That's troubling.
Yeah, we're into anchorman Ron Burgundy territory.
Yeah, so Alex is in the position now where one option he has is throwing Owen under the bus.
The other option involves the possibility of some undisclosed editorial manager giving Owen the story to report,
or the possibility of complete negligence and lack of oversight about everything they put on the air to the point where any person who's there can just-
Oh my god, I just heard a bus' brake screech so loud.
I just- I had to stop for some reason. I don't know what could have-
It's strange. I understand the instinct that Alex has.
Yeah.
But yeah, this point that Mark brings up of a conversation he's had with Owen-
Right.
It's very counter. To give the bus metaphor, it's two buses heading for an intersection.
Both trying to push one another under it.
And both are being driven by Keanu Reeves and speed.
Right.
What I find interesting about this so far, and really what is going to do Alex in more than anything else,
is that Alex's ability to understand questions is so shallow that he doesn't realize that by answering one of Mark's questions,
he is then raising the possibility that more questions will be asked.
Like, he doesn't get that. He believes that the answer is the end of the question.
But I think that's probably because he's used to monologuing.
That's what I'm saying.
And then also having interviews with guests on his show who are essentially conspirators.
Right.
Or co-collaborators with him.
Right. So this is a completely new concept to him that the answer is also a consequence that leads to more questions.
John Rappaport would never ask a follow-up.
Exactly. This is fucking with his brain.
Why can't I have a deposition with John Rappaport?
Wait, wait, wait. I answered one question. Why are you asking more questions about that question?
When I have conversations with Steve Pachenick, he usually tells me I'm a genius.
He says I look pretty in the mornings.
So Alex has to really put his foot down and make clear that, like, no, Owen runs his own show.
Oh, boy.
He is in charge.
Here we go.
So the only two people in the room who are probably going to have any influence on what goes in front of the anchor to say are the producer and the person who's researching, checking clips, and that sort of thing.
Right?
No, no. The way it works is the host is telling people what to play and what articles, and the hosts run the shows.
So Owen should have been the one who found the Zero Hedge article? That's what you're thinking? That's how it would normally work? He would have found that article?
Hundreds. Hundreds of articles. This is the way I do it. Other people don't do it this way.
I have my own, basically, producer, booker, everything. So the way I sit there and I print hundreds of articles, or I direct people to, and I just say go to these ten sites and print everything on it.
So I'll give a physical copy. And then other people there have chosen to do it the same way, and then just constantly more information is coming out as the day goes on.
It's kind of like a parrot's eating. It might throw away 90% of the stuff that's put in front of it, and then it sits there and decides what it wants to eat.
But the radio host run the show. It's a radio show on TV. It's a radio show. It's not journalism. It's not in the main. It's just like Howard Stern, or it's just like Rush Limbaugh.
And you're playing clips, you're covering articles, you're giving your opinion on things.
Oh, so it's not journalism?
Not even a little bit.
Okay. I agree.
It's a radio show on TV. Ironically, it is neither of those things.
Sure. It's just a thing where we riff around about extremist topics.
So, Mark wants to establish that this information that Alex was using in the 2017 videos that he put out, it traces back to people like Jim Fetzer.
And whether or not, at that time, he had reason to believe that Jim Fetzer was not a good source.
Back in 2017, you had information, you had seen information that caused you to doubt whether Mr. Hessen really held his kid.
Correct?
Yes, I did see an article questioning it.
Yeah, and that information was raised by Mr. Fetzer, correct?
I don't have the article in front of me.
Okay. In 2017, Infowars, the company itself, had an understanding that there was issues with Mr. Fetzer's credibility. Correct?
Objection form.
I mean, I can't really speak to Mr. Fetzer's credibility.
So this is a trap.
I can.
This is obviously the question being asked. The answer is in the question of the stuff you said was traced back to Jim Fetzer.
The article was just Jim Fetzer information.
So the second question is also more or less a statement that, like, hey, do you have any reasons to doubt his credibility?
Yeah.
And, of course, there's an email.
I mean, I can't really speak to Mr. Fetzer's credibility.
Okay. Well, other people in your company have spoken to Mr. Fetzer's credibility to you. Correct?
Well...
I don't recall.
You don't recall Paul Watson talking to you about Jim Fetzer?
No.
Okay.
If somebody, if Paul Watson in 2015, is he your chief reporter by then? Is he an editor? What is he? Do you remember?
Yeah, he was the head editor of Infowars, the articles, the site itself.
Okay. And he also did some hosting duties, too, right?
Yes.
Okay.
If Mr. Watson, let's just say again that Mr. Watson, somebody whose opinion you respect, I would assume, correct?
Yes.
Somebody you will, if he brings you something, you'll listen to it, right?
Yes.
You may not always agree with Mr. Watson, right?
Yes.
But you'll listen to him.
Yes.
Okay. If Mr. Watson had come to you in 2015 and told you, Alex, Jim Fetzer's bat shit crazy, would you have listened to him? Would you have taken that into consideration?
Yes.
Wow.
This is, I think this could not be more like a fork in chess. You know, like when you've got your knight in the right spot and you're, listen, I'm getting your queen or I'm getting your rook.
So how do you want this to go? And Alex does not understand what's about to happen to him.
Yeah, it's like there's the email of Paul saying, we can't trust these fucking people.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. No.
And it's like, it's an email that Buckley is on talking about like, oh no, we have to talk to Alex.
I can't believe Alex is hearing this and not realizing that what's about to happen is exactly the thing that, I mean, this is amazing.
Well, the water's getting hot.
I want the hammer to drop, my friend. This frog is boiling.
If you had received information that called into doubt Mr. Fetzer's credibility, you would check in and verify that before ever relying on him again, correct?
I can't talk about the hypotheticals that you're discussing.
I already told you that 98% of what we do is cover news in the public domain and give our opinion and commentary.
And so I'm not a journalist at the Wall Street Journal that writes one year long investigative, you know, journalist reports.
And so I'm a radio talk show host that puts the show on TV.
This whole thing that he's doing with like, I'm just a talk show host kind of thing.
It just, it feels like a, uh, you wouldn't hit a guy with glasses.
Hey, come on, come on.
I'm just a talk show host.
Oh my, I'm just a little talk show host over here. I'm not causing no problems.
It's such nonsense. I mean, like, he's like also trying to present this idea of like everything we cover is just like mainstream media stuff.
Like he pretends that he has high level secret sources.
He constantly is taking primary source documents and coming up with fantasy interpretations of them.
He's regularly conducting the most softball interviews with dangerous lunatics.
And a lot of the time he's even reporting stuff based on fake stories from his past or esoteric dreams that he came up with that he had that he thinks are prophetic.
But we can't blame him for that until we know he's not a psychic, okay?
And we can't prove that yet, so.
Um, I'm going to go ahead and err on the side of where I'm at.
Okay, fine.
So the hammer doesn't necessarily come down about this email from Paul, but we know that it exists.
Yes, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And so you don't really need to bring it up.
No.
Because you have Alex already saying these things.
Saying, yeah.
And so instead let's talk a little bit about old grump David Knight.
Hey!
Who's David Knight?
David Knight is a talk show host.
Does he work for you right now?
No.
Okay.
He did work for you recently?
Yes.
When did he leave the company?
I remember correctly about a year ago.
And then he's not come back in any way?
Are you all still doing videos with David Knight?
No.
Okay.
Um, David Knight did not, there was some, I don't know why I said this.
There was some tension between David Knight and Dr. Steve Pacinek.
Do you agree with that?
Um, I mean, I remember some.
David Knight and Steve Pacinek did not get along, right?
I guess.
David Knight was incredibly critical of the thing Steve Pacinek was saying about Sandy Hook, correct?
No, I don't remember that.
Okay.
Can you tell me why David Knight isn't with the company anymore?
David was saying that he was being censored and no one was censoring him and he was just unhappy.
Um, and so I fired him.
Alright. Interesting.
So I've made some comments about tactics and strategies Mark's using that I think are positive.
Right.
In the interest of total fairness, I do have to clarify that Mark has a slightly incorrect piece of information that he's putting out here.
David Knight was totally into what Steve was saying about Sandy Hook and actually was still promoting that Sandy Hook was fake on his show until at least 2017.
David got sick of Steve when he said that the Las Vegas shooting was fake and that led to the deterioration of their working relationship and then David got really mad when Steve started coming back on the show around the lead up to the 2020 election.
David was insistent that Steve was a con man and the stuff about all the ballots being watermarked with blockchain was stupid and that Steve was just lying to Alex.
Yeah.
This is what led to him getting fired and replaced by Harrison Smith hosting the American Journal.
Right.
So there's a definite truth to the tension between the two of them, but David Knight actually was totally fine with the Sandy Hook stuff.
Right, right, right.
Which is, yes.
This is only more damning for David Knight.
Sure.
And Alex is like, ah, he's being censored.
It's like, is he being censored about Steve?
Yeah.
You were censoring him.
Yes.
He wanted to go and say that Steve Pacenik was a lying piece of shit and you were like, no.
So I fired him.
Yeah.
So now we learn a little bit about some of David Knight's actions back in the Sandy Hook time.
This is weird.
Let's hear about it.
I'm going to put in front of you what I marked as exhibit seven.
Now, one of the things you'll notice about this document is you look down in the bottom corners, there's no numbers, are there?
Bottom corners of the document.
No.
Blank page.
All right.
So this is, I'm going to represent to you, this is a document that was produced to me by your former lawyers that has no base number on it.
Okay.
I don't have an identification number for you, but looking at this email with David Knight's name to and from, that's one of your employees at that time?
2017?
Yes.
Okay.
And I'm going to go ahead and read this for you here.
This is the date is June 19th, 2017?
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
You remember that the Megyn Kelly interview was in the summer of 2017, right?
Yes.
Okay.
And one of the videos that your company is being sued for is a June 26th video from 2017 that Owen Schroyer did.
We've just been talking about, right?
Yes.
And then in July, you also did a video about Mr. Houston as well, correct?
That you're being sued for?
I don't, yes.
So you do know you did make that July 20th video about Mr. Houston.
You know that sitting here today.
You mean I did a live radio show, yes?
Did a show.
Did a show, right?
I didn't make a video.
Well, I guess you didn't make the video, but somebody did.
Somebody made a video of that and uploaded it to the YouTube channel.
Okay.
So I don't, what I'm trying to get, because you've brought this distinction up a couple
of times, that no, we're just a live radio show.
It's not a video.
But there are videos and they are uploaded to YouTube, correct?
They were, yes.
And in fact, the listenership for the radio show could be totally different than who's
watching the YouTube video, correct?
They are, yeah.
Yeah, okay.
So now we have this video, we have this email from David Knight and it's from David Knight
to David Knight, right?
So he's sending himself something, correct?
I would guess.
Okay.
The subject line is it says Connecticut Carry releases the troubled past of Neil Heslin.
And then do you see that there is a link there from AmoLand.com, correct?
Yes.
Okay.
And then it says sent for my iPad, right?
Yes.
Okay.
And then this email here was sent to himself at 6.12 PM.
You see that?
Yes.
Okay.
Everything I've said about this email is accurate?
Yes.
Do you have any reason to think that this is not a true and accurate email from Infowars
as far?
I don't know.
I don't know either.
You gave it to me and it doesn't even, that's why I'm asking you.
Do you have any reason to dispute this as a real email?
No, I don't have any reason to dispute it.
Okay.
So we've got this established that David Knight around the time of the Sandy or the Megan
Kelly interview at 6 PM was emailing himself an article with dirt on Neil Heslin.
Right.
Now.
When did the interview air?
But there's more.
Hold on.
Okay.
Let me show you this too.
It's a similar email, which I've marked as exhibit eight.
You see this is 6-18-2017?
Yes.
Okay.
Um, just a couple of days before Owen Troyer did his video, correct?
Yes.
Okay.
And do you remember that Megan Kelly's interview with your profile came out in June 19th, 2017?
I don't know.
I don't remember the date.
Okay.
Um, so here we have again, David Knight sending an email to himself, David Knight, seek the
truth 80 at Yahoo.
Is that another one of David Knight's email address?
I don't know.
Okay.
You don't know who that is?
Okay.
Uh, it says subject Neil Heslin, father of Sandy hook victim faces, criminal charges
news country times.com.
Right.
Yes.
And then there's a country times article link.
Yes.
Okay.
And then mr.
Knight sent himself to the, sent himself this email at two 56 in the morning.
Um, yes.
Okay.
You have any reason to think that this isn't a correct, true and copy email that came out
of info worst files?
No, I'm not.
Okay.
I think this is a good strategy that's being employed here because there's no question
for Alex to answer other than just like, do you have reason to believe this is inauthentic?
Right.
It's essentially gives Alex no room to move or to spin anything.
There's almost definitely no information that Alex could give about these emails that would
be useful, but letting them just sit there.
There's clear indications that senior employees at info wars were doing research into things
that they could use to smear Heslin at two AM or two 50 something AM and 6 PM that day.
Like there's a stretch of time where he had, uh, it's almost like it was his job for the
day.
It's such a bad look almost as if somebody had directed him to find information on Neil
Heslin and he had been up all night and he had been working so hard on it.
And then later, uh, people use that information, burning the midnight oil looking for smear.
I think it was probably just cause he was, you know, he was just doing it on his own.
It gives an indication of the kind of vibe maybe that was going on around info wars.
Hey, I want this information.
So, um, because there's, I don't know, maybe the appearance of like looking for ways to
attack this person who was in the Macon Kelly interview seemed like maybe threatening to
Alex.
Come on.
Um, this is an important question, which is like, do you have any reason to believe that
these people were faking their grief?
Does the company have any reason to contend?
Well, first let me ask you it this way.
Do you have any reason to contend that any of these parents have been faking their distress
over info wars actions as it regards to any hope?
I did not kill their children and I didn't visit Adam Lanza's house, the CIA did and
all the rest of that.
And no one sued me back at the time when I was actually talking about it was once I became
extremely famous and Hillary Clinton made an issue about it in campaign ads and then
Trump won the election.
And then I became this big supercharged political target as low hanging fruit.
And then, and then, and then they got, Oh, he's the Sandy Hook man.
And then, and then the, the, the, the, the, the, the anti gun control groups, the democratic
party basically attached themselves to me so that every time I was in the news, they
could then bring back up Sandy hook for the, for the gun control advocacy that they have.
And that's what this long process has, has, has, has been okay.
First of all, objection nonresponsive.
Was any of that, was any of that meant to be a reason that you contend that the Sandy
hook families are faking, or the same, my clients are faking their distress.
I do not think they're faking their distress.
Okay.
So their distress over what you said is genuine.
You admit that objection.
I mean, I would call it more hatred than, than, than distress.
I think that, yeah, I think, I think there's some feelings of hatred.
I do.
I think, I think when, for instance, you can understand how when Neil has spent the last
moments with his little heroic child who saved some lives that day, looking him in the face
with a bullet hole in his head.
I didn't kill him.
I know you didn't kill him.
Please.
Let him just ask you.
Yeah.
Let's not interrupt me.
Mr. Jones.
I know you got my client.
I'm I'm handling it with my client.
You're not, I'm asking you, Mr. Jones, I'm not saying you killed these kids.
Nobody's saying that you caused that grief.
Let's make that really clear.
Nobody's saying that these parents though were grieving over the deaths of their children.
That's a thing that they went through has nothing to do with you.
You get that their grief over the death of their children has nothing to do with you.
You get that.
But then that through the gun control that it was projected on gun owners, blaming us
for their deaths.
And we don't accept that.
I don't even know what that means, but gun owners have all been blamed.
You asked me to answer your question.
We get blamed every time some crazy person on Prozac goes and kills people at the CIA
went and visited on record.
And then, and then we get blamed and we're tired of being blamed.
You can almost hear Alex starting to turn into like show mode here.
Yep.
You could almost hear that flip gets with the switch, get flipped.
Because there was just like, I guess I'm going to yell now, or I guess I'm going to get really
combative and do a performance.
Well, it was in reaction to him being forced to say, yes, I, that is, you know, once he
got that negative, the, that, that terrible head space of just having to say, yes, I know
what you're saying.
He couldn't deflect on anything.
So then it just turned into him being like, there's only one way for me to take control
of this again.
And that's to do my show.
And I think it's in response to the, like the objection non-responsive, it's like, I'm
not even getting engaged with this thread you're going down.
Totally.
That means nothing.
God, that, that moment of, listen, I'll take care of my client.
The fuck you are.
Yeah, this is, this is not Barnes.
So in this next clip, uh, Alex continues down this line and he, it's, it's unfortunate what
happens when he gets into show mode in the wrong settings.
Oh, so, so here's the deal.
Here's the deal.
The court of public opinion knows that people have a right to ask questions.
Now in hindsight, I saw the families, it looked pretty legitimate.
Some of the anomalies turned out to not be true.
And then I said, I was sorry.
And then I got sued.
And so let's just not sit here and pretend that Alex Jones is in red pajamas, like the
devil running around attacking all these people and that's not the case.
Let's see if we can.
Okay.
So if Neil has spent these last moments of his son has this cherished memory putting
his hand through his son's hair and then he sees Mr. Shroyer and then you right.
Get on TV and draw serious doubt about whether he even held his son, whether he's telling
the truth.
And he did that after he had asked you to stop.
You can understand why that man might have some negative feelings about it.
And you can understand how he's on TV on a national program attacking us.
Yeah.
You know why he did that?
Yeah.
Tell me why.
Why do you do that?
Because Megan Kelly went and organized the whole thing for publicity to go after the
second amendment.
They stepped into this, used it for political purposes, went after the American people and
then get surprised when people think it might be staged, might be, or it might be synthetic.
You think Neil hustling went on national television to ask you to stop as part of a plot to what
destroy the second amendment?
There are the interests behind it and the money and, and, and the, the, the financing.
I don't care about those people.
I don't represent any of those people.
I don't represent Megan Kelly.
I had Megan Kelly in this chair right now, believe me, I'd be talking to her some things.
So now Alex has gotten himself into a strange position where he's trying to claim that these
people were doing these, the sort of pageants to attack the second amendment.
And it's fun when you're on a radio show and you can just broadly say these things.
No one will push back.
But then when you're asked about specifics of like, we're talking about my client here,
is that what you're saying?
I mean, well, okay.
All right.
Having to dance around all these things and ask to like, to be specific is like kryptonite
for Alex.
And you can see that.
And he tries to continue to justify a lot of his behavior because of a notion that the
Sandy Hook parents got political and that made it so he had to fight them.
Right.
Do you have any reason to dispute that these parents' grieving process over the past eight
years has been impacted by Infowars actions as it regards Sandy Hook?
Objection form.
That's a hypothetical question.
I can't speak to their emotions.
There's nothing hypothetical about it, Mr. Jones.
I did not kill their children.
They became political and used that death to then for their advocacy against the right
to keep and bear arms.
And so that directly put them in opposition politically with me.
And so they stepped into that political arena.
What did Senator Posner do politically about guns?
What did he do?
Did he ever say anything about guns publicly?
I'm talking about the whole Sandy Hook situation in general and then some of the parents.
Okay.
Did Scarlet Lewis ever say anything about guns?
I don't have it all in front of me.
That's such an illustrative moment.
Alex is trying to come up with a justification for his actions because he's being confronted
with the reality that he traumatized these parents with his shit.
And the place he decides to land is that they use their children's deaths for political
gain against the Second Amendment.
Mark's rebuttal is so revealing because Alex can't name a single thing that these two people
who are suing Alex ever did in terms of gun advocacy.
He has no idea what these people did or didn't do.
His response was just the normal kind of dodge he'll use when he's being questioned by some
shithead like Rogan who will just go along with whatever Alex says.
Here's why this is key to understand.
Alex didn't say or do the things he did about the particular parents who were suing him
because they were in opposition to the Second Amendment.
What happened was that Alex saw the conversation surrounding Sandy Hook and the shooting there
as being a threat to his guns, so he decided that the Sandy Hook parents were one uniform
group which he needed to attack to change the narrative.
Alex didn't really care about any of them or what they were doing or not doing individually.
He saw the collection of families as an entity he could attack and paint as coming after
the Second Amendment, and portraying them as being actors is a really easy, convenient
way to invalidate them to his audience.
Maybe some of the parents were involved in gun-related activism, so to Alex that means
they all were, and they were using the shooting to push their agenda.
To undermine what he perceived as them using the shooting for political gain, Alex attacked
individual parents because he felt that by doing so, he was invalidating the group as
a whole and protecting the Second Amendment.
It's pretty clear based on the way he's describing his thought pattern.
And this is when I would go back to the earlier question about Neal Hestland when he was on
Megyn Kelly and Mark really forced Alex to get to this place of like, yes, I get it.
If he, I mean, he's a human being.
If your son has died and you hold him, I get that that would hurt.
I get that.
And then even then he can try and justify his behavior after that, but once you've established
that he can look at another human being and say, yes, my actions hurt you, that is underlying
all of these justifications.
You kind of have to go back to like, just most elementary, let's get agreement about
air.
Totally.
Totally.
Do we breathe?
Right.
But you know you hurt them.
You can understand that.
And so then whatever justification you have is still undercut by the fact that you know
that you hurt them.
Right.
And even in that case, even with that established, Alex could still retreat to the idea that
hurting them is an unfortunate byproduct of defending the Second Amendment.
Sure.
He could probably justify that in his own head.
It still doesn't sound good.
That's what I guess, exactly.
But I think we're well and far beyond anything sounding good.
Right.
Right.
I think that train has left the station.
So this seems to be a bit of a pattern of behavior that Alex has.
This is laid out.
And this is where I really was like, this is where I think turned.
And I was really shocked that this was happening.
So we know in 2012, right when it happened, you got on TV and started talking about it
being staged.
Right.
We know that.
Soon thereafter, I had questions.
No, Mr. Jones, I don't understand this whole thing about questions.
I don't get this.
If you say Sandy Hook is fake, that's not a question, right?
That was that was years later.
I can see how people think it's absolutely fake.
There's no quote of you saying I can see how people that doesn't exist.
You keep repeating that.
It doesn't exist.
Okay.
Well, that's what I remember there.
We, in our last deposition, I showed you clip after clip of you saying it's totally synthetic,
completely made up with actors.
At first I thought they killed real kids, but nope, they didn't that that's that's that's
that's that was my thought.
That's what you said.
Yep.
Yep.
And you did that in 2014.
You did it.
He did it in 2013.
You did it in 2014.
You did it in 2015.
You did it in 2016.
You did it in 2017.
Correct?
Projection four.
I'd have to go back and look, but I definitely said that I had serious questions about it
and could see how it was.
It was staged with all the all the bizarreness, man.
I tell you.
No.
Mr. Jones, let me just make something really clear.
If you if you had gone on and said, man, Sandy Hook looks weird, there's a bunch of weird
stuff going on.
God, it's weird.
Look at this weird thing.
This thing's weird.
And I don't know what's going on.
And somebody needs to answer these questions.
You wouldn't be here today, okay?
The reason the statements that I want to talk to you about is you admit that over those
five years, you repeatedly, without equivocation, said it was fake.
The children didn't die.
There were actors playing the different parts of different people.
You said those things.
Can you now just admit that for the jury that you said them?
They're going to see the videos.
Can you?
Sure.
They should investigate Sandy Hook themselves.
Whoa.
Wild.
At the end.
Fucking wild.
At the end there, I almost gasped when I heard that response.
This is getting so defensive and he's having to try and pass off so many flimsy arguments
that it seems like something just snapped.
Like, yeah, they should go go investigate Sandy Hook.
I couldn't believe my ears, but then this goes on.
Can you now just admit that for the jury that you said them?
They're going to see the videos.
Can you?
Well, sure.
They should investigate Sandy Hook themselves.
Hold on.
Objection form.
They should look into it themselves and see why people ask questions.
You hope they don't.
No, I really hope they do.
Okay?
I feel like Alex is really deeply implying that he is right or was right about it being
fake.
I think he's saying that it's still fake.
I think he's absolutely contending that it is still fake.
It's such a bizarre thing, but you can tell if you're watching this or listening to it
even, you can tell that it is a sort of visceral response.
That's a lashing out.
There's a bit of a anger behind, like, people should look into it.
And I think it's largely motivated by so many attempts at deflection and stuff just not
really working out.
Still not hitting.
Yeah.
And I think that that's maybe the value in sort of cutting off exits and like, okay,
now you've nowhere to go other than you now are going to...
I mean, you also have to cut off the physical exits as well as the financial exits as well
as...
We've had to cut off a lot of exits to get to a place where Alex is here.
It's true.
So after that outburst, I do enjoy that, like, you're afraid that they're going to look into
this.
I mean, bananas, man.
Yeah.
Bananas.
So we now get to some more emails.
And one of them...
But what about her emails?
Oh, hashtag.
Log her up.
Hey, come on!
Hey, come on!
Remember that?
Let's play it back, everybody!
It's 2015 again!
No.
Turns out we're going to talk about some emails that have to do with Jim Fetzer.
Okay.
So before we broke, we had talked about whether Infowars had ever promoted or directed people
to Jim Fetzer's book, tried to get more viewership for Jim Fetzer's book, and you weren't aware
of that, right?
Not in my memory.
Okay.
I'm going to show you what I've marked as Exhibit 9, and I'm going to go through this
whole thing with you to see if it reflects your memory, or if it refreshes your memory.
So he has no memory of promoting Fetzer's book?
Never heard of it.
No.
I want to start at the bottom with Alan Powell's email, and he says, Rob, Jim Fetzer put together
a book on Sandy Hook to which I contributed two chapters.
Amazon have decided they won't handle it.
I think Jim would agree to it being distributed by Infowars free as a PDF.
We were both just on the phone...
We were both just on the Jeff Rinsch show today, and Jim gave that right of distribution
to Jeff.
And you see if Alex would have Jim and Jim Tracy on to promote the book and talk a bit
about the still running sore of Sandy Hook.
I spoke to Jim Fetzer about this today and said he will speak to you.
If you flip over onto the back part of the page, you just see it says, Cheers, Alan Powell.
So did I read that email correctly?
Yes.
Okay.
The next message is from Jim.
Okay.
Before we go on to Jim Fetzer's message, you know who Jeff Rinsch is?
Yes.
Okay.
And Paul Watson also telling you at the same time that he told you that Jim Fetzer was
batshit crazy, that Jeff Rinsch was batshit crazy.
Do you remember that?
No.
Okay.
Going up to Jim Fetzer's email, or he identifies himself as Jim and James.
So it's going to be used both in this document.
But he says, Rob, we are making the book available to the public for free.
Here's the cover in PDF.
Several sites are now offering it.
I would be glad if Alex were to do the same.
I am sure James would be glad to come on with me if Alex wanted to interview us about this
stunning event.
I think the latest case was the Pentagon Papers.
Do I read that correctly?
Yes.
Okay.
And then Rob Dew writes back to Jim Fetzer, says, thanks for the heads up, sent the links
to at Dawn, and he is writing an article about it.
Please let us know if there is a bump in downloads, Rob.
Did I read that correct?
Yes.
Okay.
That's not great.
I think getting these emails that are asking for promotion, you know, like maybe you can
dance around.
We get a lot of emails.
But when Rob Dew is writing back, hey, I've sent this on to a Don Salazar who's writing
about it.
Please let us know if our ad campaign for you is effective.
That's so bad.
The moment you said, let us know if there's a bump in traffic, you are Rico'd.
Like you're in the fucking case, man.
If I said it to them, I would expect to be in the fucking case.
I mean, at very least you're admitting a, at least a curiosity based interest in how
things go.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's a pretty bad look.
I mean, because if you're, you're not curious, just like, Ooh, I wouldn't be interesting.
You're curious to see if you should do it yourself or again.
Yeah.
See if this is something that people are interested in.
Yes.
Please give me market research.
Does this attract our audience?
Really?
So a Fetzer's information is largely what was behind the zero hedge article that Owen
read in the video that ended up being part of this lawsuit.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And so Mark has a little point about this actual zero hedge article that seems to be
missed.
Let me show you a marked as exhibit 10.
You recognize that?
Yes.
Okay.
Can you tell us what this is?
Zero hedge article.
Do you know why it might be relevant to this lawsuit?
This is the article Owen was reading that he's been sued for and the coverage I gave
him Owen was sued for.
Okay.
Good boy.
Second page for me.
I want to give him a treat.
You see there's a big blank space in the middle of the page.
Seems to be a way it printed from the internet.
Below that big blank space, do you see where it says, except this does not comport with
the official story?
Yes.
Okay.
And then it says, Jim Fetzer, professor emeritus at the university of Minnesota who wrote a
book claiming Sandy Hook was stage notes that based on the facts of the case, Hestland's
statement that he held his son with a bullet hole through his head could not have happened.
You, I read that, correct?
Yes.
Okay.
Now I want you to flip to the third page.
You see that first sentence, the first paragraph there.
That's just one long sentence.
Yes.
Okay.
And how that paragraph begins is by saying it's entirely possible that Mr. Hestland had
access to his son after that.
Do you see where it says that?
Yes.
Okay.
That wasn't said by Info Wars though, right?
I don't have the clip in front of me.
Okay.
Ooh.
See, here's the problem with their shoddy strategy of never reading the things that
they cover.
You should probably do that.
The actual article that they're getting sued over actually says in it that, hey, maybe
he did hold his son, but they ignored that portion of the story and used it just to justify
a position of, hey, he couldn't have.
Okay.
Well, one way makes money and the other one doesn't.
I feel like we both know which way works.
Yep.
That's an unfortunate thing to have to see right in front of you.
Man, I really would.
And this might be the crazy thing for me, right?
But if I had spent my entire career not reading things and then suddenly was starting to be
told more and more terrifyingly that the lawsuits weren't going well, I would take maybe a whole
week to just really read through everything that I'm supposed to know about.
Yeah.
That way I wouldn't be surprised when I was in a deposition and maybe I wouldn't get caught
in so many of these fucking traps.
You don't want to have a consistent heavy breath of grief throughout a deposition.
Not good.
Not good.
Oh no.
Deflation is not a ongoing thing you want to feel.
You want to be deflated and then done.
You don't want to constantly keep going.
Your response to seeing something that is really unfortunate and damning shouldn't
be, oh no, not again.
That's bad.
Ooh, you got me.
Ugh.
Again.
No one else in me.
So the idea about Alex's relationship with Jim Fetzer is supposed to be that he didn't
trust him as a source for, you know, even before the whole way, the 2017, getting sued
and stuff.
No, he doesn't.
So this is weird.
Okay.
I've shown you what I've marked as exhibit 11.
And I know that this has a real, like, it has a lot of stuff and it's in really tiny
print.
I may not, yeah.
Yeah.
I know.
It's the only thing that I'm actually, I think when we get into this document, we'll quickly
discover that it may not be necessary to even read all of this stuff, but if so, I may need
to give you some time to go read it if you want to do that.
But what I want to ask you about this document is up at the very top, you see that this is
an email on June 29th, 2018.
Okay.
That's about a month after you were sued.
You understand that?
Okay.
I don't know what's in this email.
What was Nico's job title at that time?
He's a radio producer.
Okay.
And then Daria, what's her title?
She was sound operator then.
Okay.
And today she's a producer as well, right?
Yes.
Okay.
And so Daria is sending this to Nico and the subject is forward vanishing blog.
Not only is Noah Posner a fiction, but his father Lenny is also a fake.
Have you ever seen this email?
No.
Okay.
I don't think I need to ask you anything else about it then.
If you've never read this, I don't think we need to talk about it.
Okay.
Now, maybe I should talk about it.
Do you have any idea why Nico would be sending things to Daria from Jim Fetzer right after
you were sued?
I mean, no, I have no idea.
Okay.
And I can't have an idea.
I find this to be very surprising because-
Is it?
Well, I mean-
It's revelatory.
It is revelatory.
It's not surprising.
I think what's more surprising to me is that it appears as though he still thinks he's
got a chance.
You know?
It really feels like the way he's talking, he's like, okay, maybe I lost on this question.
Maybe I'm losing on this one, but next one, maybe there's that little glimmer of light
I can sneak through.
Well, I mean, I think how do you operate in life if that's not how you feel?
Man, if I was in this deposition, I would be like, literally everything I say, you're
going to have a clip for.
So fucking say whatever you want to say, here's my answers to your questions, yes or no, whatever
you want.
I will just say, I don't know over and over again, and then we'll go home.
And then we'll go home because you won.
We'll run out the clock on this thing.
I mean, literally we've already had the default judgment.
You won, man.
Yeah.
So of course there are more documents and we're shifting now over into the Wolfgang
Halbig section of some of these documents.
And Mark brings up this email and he reads it, this is a bit of a longer clip, but this
email is important.
And I believe that, you know, some of the goal of this is just to establish and make
Alex recognize like, this dude's a bad source.
We shouldn't, you shouldn't be trusting this guy.
Let's get down to this.
I want to talk a little bit about Wolfgang Halbig.
Do you know what I mean when I talk about the Super Bowl picture?
No.
Okay.
Do you know what I mean when I talk about the Super Bowl choir of fourth graders from
Sandy Hook?
Yes.
I've heard of that.
Okay.
And that's when I really started thinking it probably did happen because it just gets
too, what's this for?
It's crazy.
It's just crazy, right?
Sure.
That's what happened.
I've shown you what I've marked as exhibit 12.
You'll see again at the bottom, there's no Bates number on this one, right?
No.
Okay.
This one is dated 11, 19, 2016 towards the end of 2016.
It is from Wolfgang Halbig, right?
The two line, the main people it's sent to include Nico, that's an Info Wars employee,
right?
Yes.
Then the Trump, several, a couple addresses to the Trump organization, correct?
Yes.
Rob Dew, who is also another employee of yours, right?
Yes.
And then Jay Rince, do you think it would be a fair assumption to say that's probably
Jeff Rince?
Yes.
Okay.
And then also copied, there's a CC line and there's several other people copied who are
either media organizations and there's also some government addresses.
Do you see that?
Yes.
Okay.
No.
There are also a bunch of attachments listed.
Do you see that?
Yes.
Okay.
And those attachments appear to be PNG files.
Those are images, right?
Yes.
Okay.
And then the subject line says, trust, but always verify.
Please verify with your uncle.
Thanks.
Do you see that?
Yes.
Okay.
I'm going to go ahead and read this email to you.
All right.
Come on.
It says Nico and Rob.
Rob, please send this video to your uncle, the former FBI agent who attended my Connecticut
freedom of information hearings in Cartford, Connecticut.
He told me that I was right about what was happening, which gave me a tad more courage.
He has friends who can verify this video to be accurate.
And now we know that the children who supposedly died at Sandy Hook are at the Super Bowl on
February 3rd, 2013.
And that is why we have never, ever heard them sing again.
Think about it for just a second.
They sing before 110 million people worldwide with Jennifer Hudson.
They have 87,000 people in the stadium of over 3,500 news reporters.
And we never have one interview in the newspaper of on television from them.
Why?
Just think about how much money came flowing in after that February 3rd, 2013 Super Bowl
performance from across the world.
Why have they never performed again if they were so great to be asked to sing at the February
3rd, 2013 Super Bowl?
Why no appearances on the national early morning television shows.
They sing before 110 million people and they simply disappear.
Even Beyonce met them.
Where are they?
Are they all dead, divorced and threatened by the NFL and CBS Sports and by their own
parents never to talk about the greatest day in their lives?
Are they part of child trafficking?
Who would do this to fourth-grade children when we all know that children need to express
their feelings or emotions or it can have long-term mental health issues?
Then below that is a YouTube link and then it says, please have your uncle verify and
tell me that I am not crazy because I have now run out of funds chasing the truth.
Please help if you can afford it, Wolfgang Halhut, and then he gives his address and
phone number.
Mm-hmm.
Correct?
I've read all that correctly?
Yes.
If you can trust them to verify that he is not crazy, that's not something that could
be done from this email.
This is crazy, isn't it?
That is when I really started thinking that it probably did happen when things took these
turns, yes.
But then I still saw some anomalies, but I'm not the progenitor of this.
I'm not saying this.
No, I understand that.
But once you see this, you have to understand that Wolfgang Halhut isn't reliable anymore,
right?
Yes.
When he first came out, though, I'd seen him on national TV as a big top expert and
a couple of things, so that's why I was relying on him.
Yeah.
Okay.
So this is an important foundation here that's being built through this email because it
kind of boxes Alex in, and honestly, he did it to himself.
Because he's getting presented with a clearly insane email that Halbig sent Rob to trying
to reach Rob's uncle, Alex has to say that it's not coming from a credible person, but
he also has to maintain that it wasn't wrong for him to have seen Halbig as a credible
source prior to this.
That's why Alex tries to use this excuse that it was actually, this was when he decided
that Halbig wasn't a good source and that he shouldn't listen to him.
This is a really dumb piece of information to Alex's offer up, essentially unprompted
because what it does is it puts a hard deadline on the point where you yourself are admitting
you had no reason to take this person's claim seriously.
Yeah.
This is basically creating an unanswerable question for Alex if you can demonstrate that
he took Halbig's claim seriously at any point after this, and that's a real problem for
Alex's appearance of consistency.
This is also a double edged sword because Alex is also essentially testifying that the
things that Halbig did or sent Infowars prior to this were not enough to get him to think
that Halbig was nuts and shouldn't be trusted as a source.
So remember the date of this.
This was November 19th, 2016 was when this happened.
Yeah, I mean, that's one where you really, that's an own goal.
That should be, that's on Alex right there, because the moment you are like given the
opportunity to have a date stamp on something you think and you're Alex, that's not a good
idea.
Well, again, it's that, it's that thing we talk about a bit and that's the like specificity
is a real danger when you're giving this, whether it's that exact date of the email
or this time that this, this story was being pushed by Halbig, that is too specific for
you to be able to play games with.
You can't have that.
Which again, if I'm doing this, I would say look into when I actually started listening
to Halbig and when I stopped talking about Halbig.
You might not want to do that.
It would feel bad.
And I would not, not agree to a date prior to the end of when I started talking about
Halbig.
But what's fascinating about it too is if you listen to it, he's not agreeing to something.
He's saying it himself.
Yep.
That is not a question that Mark asked him at all, which is wild.
Amazing.
There's a long chunk that I skip over here because the, between the last clip and the
next one, and it's not because the stuff wasn't interesting, but because it's not really relevant
to some of the questions we have.
It consists of Mark and Alex discussing how the alternative media is really important
in the country because the corporate media isn't really something that we can trust to
get us out of the mess we're in.
Mark keeps trying to work in a recognition that it's important for the alternative media
to hold themselves responsible when they get things wrong.
And then Alex just goes off about how he's the victim and the mainstream media's out
to crush all alternative media.
Sure.
It's a bit of a circular thing, but it seems like the goal is to try and attempt to build
some rapport.
That has the effect of possibly confusing Alex and getting him off his set plans, and
it also makes it so the kinds of rebuttals can't really be used effectively.
Alex can't excuse his behavior by condemning the mainstream media because Mark can just
say, you're telling me, man, but that's not what we were here to talk about.
So it's, again, just sort of creating that camaraderie almost.
I find it interesting that Alex is such a weird dude that you can play both good cop
and bad cop in the same deposition.
He's fucking pinned Alex's ears to the wall, and Alex is still like, yeah, no, you don't
like the mainstream media?
Me neither, man.
I think we got a lot of common ground here.
It is weird to hear, like, there's a bit of guard letting down, and it's like, you have
to know that this isn't for your benefit.
You've got fucking railroad spikes through the stigmata, man.
You're fucked, okay?
Yeah.
So there's a bit of that, and then another email from Wolfgang Halbig is brought up.
I want to show you this.
This I've marked as exhibit 13.
Okay.
This as you see at the bottom, it says FSSTX-039550.
Yes.
Okay.
And this is from Wolfgang Halbig, right?
Yes.
Okay.
And then this is two, a couple email addresses that I bet you don't know who those people
are, right?
No, I don't.
Yeah.
The one is safensoundschools.org.
Have you ever heard of an organization called that?
Not in my memory.
I don't either.
Okay.
Okay.
I'm going to assume, though, that you see the address is written to somebody named Michelle?
Yes.
Okay.
And then the subject line is, I urge Michelle to stop using Josephine in making money and
appearing on speaking engagements.
You saw that?
Yes.
Okay.
The date of this email is December 21st, 2014?
Yes.
Okay.
And as we see from free speech systems at the bottom, this is a document from Infowars
Corporate Files.
Correct?
Okay.
And the attachments here, we see a bunch of PNGs, if that's correct?
Yes.
Okay.
I'm going to go ahead and read the email to you, all right?
So this is another email from Halbig, and you'll notice that this one's dated prior
to the one about the Super Bowl Choir, which is where Alex has claimed that he realized
Halbig is no good.
Right.
So this email was in Infowars Corporate Files, which itself is weird, because no one at Infowars
seems to be copied on this email itself.
It's very weird.
Its existence in the files implies an awareness of its contents, since it wasn't emailed to
him.
Yeah.
So this wasn't good enough to get Halbig blacklisted, and this is a mess.
I'm going to go ahead and read the email to you, all right?
Michelle, how could you and your husband as responsible parents even allow your precious
child Josephine to attend that filthy and deplorable looking school on December 14th,
2012?
This school, as you must have known, is and was a toxic waste dump as reported by environmental
consultants who requested more money from City of Newtown leaders before demolishing
the school and transported all of the high levels of lead paint, high levels of asbestos,
and especially the high levels of PCPs in the groundwater at Sandy Hook out of state.
Josephine, your child should have expected more from you before that tragic day as a
parent.
You are supposed to protect her from serious lifelong health risk when you send her to
that school every day.
Why would you, as a parent, and all those other parents who supposedly lost a child
to gunfire, allow their children, as you did, to serious toxic waste?
This all unfolded before the first shot at that school even occurred.
Did you not see the filth and deplorable conditions when you went to that school, or are you blind?
I do not understand unless you explain it to me and the world why you and your husband
failed Josephine, who is a nonverbal child, as you stated and depended on her safety.
Oh, that was a big sigh.
That was a big sigh.
You could protect her from all the serious health risks that you sentenced her to on
a daily basis.
Now you talk about school security.
You have got to be joking.
You have all these experts on your staff who are now part of your conspiracy.
They should be ashamed of their actions in supporting you.
A mom puts her own child at risk on a daily basis and is now the expert on school security?
I look forward to meeting you one day when I can take your deposition about not about
the shooting, but why you and your husband failed Josephine by sending her to that filthy
and deplorable school with all that toxic waste.
We call this child endangerment when you know of the danger that exposes your child to serious
lifelong health risk.
You must have known without a doubt because pictures do not, and it says ally, but I believe
that means lie.
You put her life in serious risk every day knowing how filthy and deplorable that school
is.
You are enclosing photos that you must recognize since you took your child to school and having
a child in special needs, you would expect a school environment and school climate that
allows children to learn and teachers to teach, right?
Please explain to me if you can why a school principal Dawn Hopspring would allow her school
to be so filthy and deplorable looking.
There is not one female elementary school principal in this country who would allow
her school to be that filthy and deplorable both inside and outside and most of all allow
her to become a toxic waste dump placing every child in her needs to work on brevity, lifelong
health risk, right?
All the pictures are taken by the major crime squad from the Connecticut State Police.
Please respond since you are now the expert on school security.
Wolfgang W. How big www.sandyjustice, sandyhookjustice.com I read that correctly.
Yes.
How you feel about that anymore?
It's horrible.
I've never seen this before.
I mean, I guess he sent it to us too.
Oh, it's in, in what was corporate files, right?
Yeah, I just don't, I don't even see him for words on here though.
I'm wondering why we had it.
That's all right.
That was going to be my next question.
Do you know?
I don't.
Okay.
So this is an email where how big is harassing and terrorizing the Sandy Hook family.
Uh, this was before the point where Alex said he'd realized that how big was bad news and
this looks bad.
Yeah.
And see, some of these clips are a little bit longer where Mark's reading these emails.
I think that it's important because it honestly was kind of a revelation for me too, because
I understood that, you know, how big's behavior was characterized this way, but I hadn't heard
the contents of these emails and it really, it really did make me, uh, and not like take
it more seriously or anything cause I already, already felt this was a pretty serious, serious
case, but it, it's personal.
It made it more visceral and knowing the actual behavior and the, the ways that he's contacted
these family members and that the things that he's doing simultaneously to the time when
Alex is promoting him and such, it really just gets pretty inexcusable, pretty disgusting.
I've got a new rule for my life, which is that I don't want to be around people who
if I were to have their emails read to me in a deposition are both so awful I would
have to sigh and put my head in my hands, but also so long that I have to do it multiple
times.
Yeah, there were a bunch of sighs in there.
That is, that was the most like, oh fuck, like you could not get more opportunities
for one man to say, oh fuck, oh that was a bad one, oh Jesus, is there more?
There's more.
There is more.
Holy fuck.
And guess what?
There's another email.
No!
Yes!
Jesus!
Yes!
Yes!
Is it 14?
You see at the top there's another email from Wolfgang Halbig.
Yes.
Right?
And then this one, let me see here.
You see about right here?
Yep.
See how blue the line is?
Oh.
So you're good.
You see that?
And so you see on your document too?
Yes.
You've got some Infowars email addresses there?
Yes.
Okay.
And that would be Rob Dew and Nico who got this email?
Yes.
Okay.
This was March 21st, 2017?
Yes.
Okay.
The subject was, anyone needing the address for a visit to welcome them to Florida, please
call and this was a great day for me.
Who says that you cannot catch a big fish in Florida?
That's what the subject line says?
Yes.
Okay.
And then there's a PNG attached, an image file?
Is that correct?
Yes.
Okay.
And then I'm going to go ahead and read this email to you.
So here we have another email from Halbig and the date on this one is March 21st, 2017.
So as we can tell from Alex's telling of the timeline, this is supposed to be after he'd
realized that Halbig was not a good source.
Possibly a content warning, this email is very disturbing.
I found it a bit chilling to hear and I don't want to just spring this on people without
a little bit of a heads up.
It's not like explicit or anything but it's fucked up.
Real messed up.
And then I'm going to go ahead and read this email to you.
It says Nick and Laura Phelps did a great job acting in Newtown, Connecticut on December
14th, 2012.
I visited their home today at 1924 Westover Reserve Boulevard, Windmere, Florida, 34786.
And thanks to Lieutenant Vangaly telling me during my wellness check of Nick and Laura
Phelps that they no longer live in Newtown, Connecticut and that they are now, and they
are now Richard and Jennifer Sexton.
Guess what?
He is totally right.
And can you believe it that my Newtown police department guided me in the right direction?
They have a beautiful home with a three car garage.
They were not home today, but the good news was that the three adult female moms with
their children standing outside their homes observed me and wanted to know what I was
doing.
It was spring break.
It is spring break for Orange County, Florida school children.
I showed them this picture and I told them that I did not want to go to the wrong house
to surprise Nick and Laura from Newtown, Connecticut, aka Richard and Jennifer Sexton today.
It took a few minutes for them to look at the pictures and then when they asked why
I wanted to speak to them, I told them that I had been in Newtown and wanted to surprise
them since they now live in Florida.
They asked for my name, which I gave them as Wolfgang Halbig.
They told me how I would know them, knew them, and I told them that they have, they have
been on the national news, so I wanted to meet them again.
Our conversation was all about Newtown, Connecticut.
So she said, do you mind if I text her?
I said, absolutely not.
Waited about 10 minutes only to learn that they did not know me, which surprised me.
They verified the pictures and why would she text them about Newtown, Connecticut and that
someone from there wanted to visit if they had, if they were not Nick and Laura Phelps
now, Richard and Jennifer Sexton.
At first I did not want to enter since it is a gated community, but several people told
me just go on in there.
There is no security guard at the gates.
If there is CCTV, they will see me being told to go in and that is the only reason or I
would not have entered.
Now who says law enforcement does not know what they are doing?
Thank you, Newtown, Connecticut police department.
Can you turn the document over?
First of all, read that email correctly?
Yes.
Okay.
And then on the back you see there's a picture here, right?
Yes.
And at the top it says Sandy Hook hoax actors, correct?
Yes.
And it has arrows pointing to the Phelps, right?
Yes.
And then at the bottom it says playing the part of grief stricken parents, correct?
Yes.
This is a horrible email, isn't it?
I've never seen this email and it's, yes, I don't like this email.
And again, this is someone else, Wolfgang Halbig after I'd already clearly knew that
he cracked up.
And so that's, that's, that's not my work.
So that sucks.
Uh, just a dude bragging about stalking grieving families.
I mean, that's unbelievable psychopathic in a fucking serial killer.
That's a serial killer.
Yeah.
That should be treated with the same level of true crime terror as a serial killer.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's, it's, uh, Holy fuck.
It's hard to imagine something more unsettling in the context of like what Wolfgang could
have been doing.
Yeah.
And in like, and like most true crime documentaries, the cops are the bad guys as all allegedly,
I don't know how much you take.
No, I'm not saying that he necessarily really accurate.
So at the end there you can see Alex essentially taking the bait that he set for himself.
He's established that he knew how big was no good after the super bowl thing in 2016.
And then after that, uh, this is this email, it comes from after that.
So, so he gets to absolve himself of any responsibility.
He gets to use this trick that he pulled out.
He would, but like I said, this is a trap that Alex set by giving a pretty specific
time period when he has no excuse to not know that how big isn't reliable and this immediately
becomes a problem.
Yeah.
Yes.
I don't like this email.
There's nothing else, Wolfgang Halbig after I'd already clearly knew that he cracked up.
And so that's, that's, that's not my work.
Next month you did a video called Sandy Hook vampires exposed, right?
Someone edited a video, put that name on it.
I've seen that.
Okay.
And during that video you repeated all of Wolfgang Halbig claims, right?
His 16 questions thing.
I don't remember, uh, that I'd have to see that video, but I believe it was about people
using it to continue to try to get gun control and money.
Nope.
Uh, so yeah, we have, we have a, uh, a demonstration and a point made that after this, even all,
all this, your timeline doesn't make sense, you know, after all this bullshit, the stocking
of families, uh, email, the horrifying emails being sent to Nico and Rob, like, and, uh,
after the 2016 point, when you had every reason to doubt his credibility as an expert, you're
still repeating his things in the Sandy Hook vampires video.
I can't believe he, that's, that's just dumb in every direction all the time.
It makes it so much easier to point to like, oh, okay, so at this point you're not supposed
to trust it, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So explain this.
And again, just that, that like tiny glimmer of hope of, of just like, well, you know,
I haven't seen the video, dude, we're at our whenever of this.
If he says he's got a video of you saying it and you haven't seen the video, click,
you can play it at any time, man.
It's here.
Yeah.
And the, uh, the, I don't know, I haven't seen the video is only going to get you out
of answering this question.
Now.
It's not a good answer.
It's not a good excuse.
You're fucked.
So we've got another how big email.
Oh, God damn it.
Yeah.
This one's not great either.
I mean, I'm not even associated with him and I'm making the sounds that Alex is making.
Mr. Jones, I've had you would have marked as exhibit 15.
At the bottom.
We see it says F S X T X dash zero four zero zero two seven.
Yes.
So there's an email from enforce corporate files.
Yes.
Okay.
The top, it says Wolfgang.
How big, right?
That's who it's from.
Yes.
Okay.
It says two wild rose farm, 1740 at gmail.com.
Do you know who that is?
Uh, no, that's my client, Scarlett.
Okay.
And the subject line says, how could you as a mother stop and buy your special brand of
coffee on December 14th, 2012 when you heard as a mom that shots had been fired at the
Sandy Hook school.
You read that correctly?
Yes.
This is a March 10th, 2015 email.
Correct?
Yes.
He says in this email, Scarlett, it is just a matter of time and all that money you have
has to be returned.
How could you even stop to buy your coffee and you bought coffee for two other people?
What kind of mother does that?
Especially when you see on the news, tell everyone how you ran across that fire department
parking lot.
If you did, you would have spilled the coffee.
Do some serious soul searching because the scam is up.
Wolfgang and his phone number.
I read that correctly.
Yes.
Okay.
So at least an info wars had in its corporate info wars had received information that Mr
Halbig was harassing Ms. Lewis, correct?
We get millions of emails.
I've never, I'd never seen those up until the time of these lawsuits.
So I'm, I'm not Wolfgang Halbig.
I understand.
All I'm asking is info wars received that.
Yes.
Okay.
So now we have another email where Halbig is harassing the families of Sandy Hook victims
being in this emails in corporate files for, for enforce.
And this one's from March 10th, 2015, which is prior to the supposed cutoff of Alex thinking
how big is credible.
The picture starts to come into focus a little bit where you have how big demonstrating a
pattern of behavior that people at info wars had every reason to know about given their
access to these emails and Rob do a news director for the nightly news being copied on almost
all of them.
Yep.
Also, this doesn't come up in the deposition, but Wolfgang Halbig was a guest on Alex's
show on March 4th, 2015, just six days before he wrote this email harassing Scarlett Lewis.
And like, it's not hard to put some pieces together of Wolfgang is on Alex's show, the
website, his website's given out.
It's conceivable that donations are, are accrued by his appearance on here and days later he's
engaging in this behavior where he harasses grieving parents.
It's disgusting.
Yeah.
Yeah.
If I'm Alex in this situation, I hear those three emails and I immediately switch tactics
and I just go, that guy's a real piece of shit.
We got to go get him.
And then I'd grab everybody and we'd go to Newtown, Connecticut or whatever it is we
need to go.
We're in Texas.
We got to get him.
Let's go.
We're in Texas.
Let's form a posse.
Let's get a posse together.
We got to get this guy.
He's a real piece of shit.
Mark, you're deputized.
Let's do this.
Everybody has guns now.
Cause I'm Alex.
Brad, get my horse.
Jesus.
What a piece of shit.
Yeah.
Fuck me.
Yeah.
That's a fucked up fucking wow.
Yeah.
So it's also interesting to recognize that these evasions of, I didn't know about this
stuff.
No one knew about this stuff.
We get so many emails.
It just doesn't really fly.
I'm going to show you what I've marked as exhibit 18.
You see at the bottom is FSSTX-039897.
Yes.
Okay.
So this is a 2015 email sent March 6th, 2015.
Yes.
Okay.
And this is, um, the top email is Nico forwarding something to Rob Dew.
Correct.
And it says forward two cents from a third year law student.
Right.
Yes.
And then it says some comments on how big's last interview from a law student.
Okay.
And then I'm going to go ahead and redo this email from a gentleman named R Darren Brumfield.
Who was sent to media contacts at info wars.com.
He writes two cents from a third year law student, Madam or sir, I'm in my final semester
of law school.
I listened to the Wolfgang.
How big video and some significant alarm bells went off.
I also wrote on the YouTube page, but I copy and paste here.
Okay.
So let's, so I just get this straight starting at 31 30, he filed his lawsuit in Seminole
County court in Florida, not in federal court in Florida, but in state court.
There is a legal requirement called quote standing unquote.
He does not have standing to Sue in Seminole County court.
He was not a party in the shooting in any fashion.
There is also a concept called quote jurisdiction unquote either the man is lying or the judge
is insane.
A Florida County level judge would not have jurisdiction for any reason other than a contract
tort or crime issue in directly involving how big something is completely wrong here.
Had he said, quote in the federal district of Florida, quote or whatever district it
might be.
If the state is split, that may at least be plausible.
This is completely insane and cannot go anywhere but into the trashcan.
No standing, no subject matter jurisdiction, no personal jurisdiction, two cents from a
third year law student who is legally current in his education demand seems to be grasping
and stretching.
No judge in their right mind would do such a thing as he describes.
Here's an example.
Imagine there is a crime in Las Vegas and the criminal kills himself.
There is no law whatsoever that would allow Alex or anyone else to file a suit in San
Antonio for anything regarding the crime in Las Vegas.
There is no claim that could be made in Texas for something that happened in Nevada.
It is a rule.
R. Darren Blumfield.
Have I read all that correctly?
Yes.
Okay.
So here we have that not only did Infowars receive information suggesting that what Halbig
was up to was completely insane, in Darren Blumfield's words, but actually Nico ended
up forwarding that information directly to Rob Do.
Correct?
Yes.
Okay.
Which is good that he found that, because we got about 10,000 emails there, at least
we did.
What?
It's good that he found that in 2015?
Yeah.
I mean, it wasn't shown to me, but I mean, that shows he was-
Is that what you think?
I guess Rob Do wanted to know about anything come in about San Diego, because he was interested
in it.
And so that's why it was sent to him.
Yeah.
That it's good that he found it.
It's not good for you right now.
Explain to me how you could make my jaw drop more than for Alex to be like, well, it's
good that he found that.
What?
Yeah.
What are you talking about?
Wait.
How could Rob Do have kept this from me?
Oh no.
Rob, I'd like you to also meet my friend, Buss.
Wait.
This might be bad for me.
You know what?
Rob sounds like a real piece of shit.
Let's get together and go get him.
Come on, guys.
This posse is going to be busy.
We're going to be very busy for a while.
So the pattern with these emails that has kind of been illustrated, I believe, is they
have this horrible behavior that Wolfgang is engaging in, that evidence of is clearly
in Infowars files, and people from Infowars are forwarded on these and CC'd on these emails.
And have taken action such as forwarding them further.
Well, the email that is forwarded further from Nico to Rob is someone questioning the
sanity of this person, which I think in terms of due diligence, maybe you would take a second
look at the person and notice that, hey, there's these emails where he's harassing Sandy Hook
family members.
You might think that would happen, but I guess it didn't.
And this is a bizarre sort of picture that you get from these emails, but I think it's
remarkable to see that Alex's response to this is bordering on what he would expect
a person to feel.
You know, you hear these emails and this is a horrible email, that's awful, I didn't know
about this.
That's exactly what you would do if you, you know, had feelings.
Right, right, right.
If you were a human.
Great.
And maybe it's an indication that he's a human.
Eh, well, we'll see.
So after this, we get into a little bit of a conversation about Dan Badandi and...
The Kraken!
Yes.
And Alex is talking to him to Newtown, and so he plays the clip of Alex calling Badandi
the Kraken and is like, the Kraken's a mythological beast, right?
Trying to get into sort of the record and have Alex respond to like, you know, the Kraken,
that's not somebody that's, you knew he's going to go cause trouble.
Right, right, right, right.
And obviously that's the case.
And Alex is evasive about that.
Of course he is.
Which version of the movie are you talking about?
Cause I mean, Liam Neeson wasn't as good, I don't think, when he said that.
I have a lot of thoughts about movies.
I mean, now that we're in a territory I'm comfortable with, let's get into it.
I tell you about oblivion.
So we have one last clip here from Alex's deposition, and it's a question of, we've
seen a lot of bad behavior from folks within Infowars, Vzavi, Sandy Hook, and Wolfgang,
and Fetzer.
How do you say that?
Illustrated throughout this deposition.
Possible.
So the question of editorial standards and that kind of thing comes up.
Sure.
And this isn't the best response Alex could have.
Your company has never disciplined anyone due to a false fact about Sandy Hook published
on Infowars, correct?
I don't remember.
Good work, Knott Barnes.
You think it's possible you may have disciplined somebody for something false about Sandy Hook?
I wouldn't say false.
I mean, people have gotten in trouble for talking about it, but I've tried to like,
you know, stay out of it and myself get sucked back into it.
I think people testify to that too, at least that's what I was told.
You just said you wanted people to look into it.
In 2015, went to people like Adan Salazar and told him stop printing articles about
Sandy Hook is because Leonard Posner was kept getting strikes against the company, right?
I don't remember if it was Leonard Posner.
I mean, I know I've seen people make a big thing between me and Leonard Posner.
I barely know who he is and I've seen him in some shows, but I know I just did not.
Yes, I mean, I did not want to I had I had seen some of the anomalies and things be proven
to not be anomalies, and so I wasn't sure that it was staged, but then, you know, I
go back and forth like anybody on these kind of these mysteries, but what?
So that's that's that's where I stand on that.
That's not that's not an ideal answer, but have you punished anybody?
Is there any consequences for anybody who's published false things about Sandy Hook?
Hey, look, there's a mystery.
I just don't I don't know.
I don't know how you could take this to a jury and not say to them, like, listen, this
is a man who's already lost the case.
This is a man who's under oath in a case that he lost for saying that this isn't real, right?
Saying this isn't real or it might not be, or he still has questions over it.
We're well past the point where you can say, like, oh, we'll have our day in court.
It's already gone.
Yeah.
So there's no way to do anything other than say this man has to be stopped.
Well, I think, you know, yeah.
I think a lot of the the appearance that you get from from this deposition is certainly
a lack of remorse, a lack of having learned anything, a lack of even seeming to be willing
to understand the problem.
Basic comprehension of reality.
Yes.
Yeah.
There's also clearly an indication that he intends to continue the papers.
Absolutely.
I mean, and almost a strange, extreme solipsism, almost as if like, wait, wait, wait, what
are you talking about?
This happened outside of what I experienced, so it doesn't matter, right?
It's not real because I didn't read this email, so it doesn't matter to me.
Yeah.
And even beyond that, like a real lack of institutional guardrails within Infowars where
there is no, like, standards for what they can or can't report.
It's chaos.
There's no consequences for anything.
There's no standards for sending the fucking, not prosecution, plaintiff, a fucking background
report.
Which you don't know you did.
Which you don't know you did?
We got it before we even start with the journalistic standards.
It's wild.
What do you even have?
Yeah.
Take an inventory of what you even have.
What's in the building?
So now, Jordan, we jump over to the corporate representative deposition of Daria Karpova.
Oh boy, here we go.
I was a little disappointed, I believe I said this when we were talking to Mark, that it
wasn't Rob Doo again, but there are Doo-ish characteristics to this.
It's Doo-esque.
Sure.
Yes.
There were hints of Doo-esque.
I think that we'll probably skip over a fair amount of this, because it is, in the same
way that Rob's deposition was, there were a lot of just, like, I don't know.
Like, does the company know or not know?
I don't know.
I don't know if the company knows, I don't know.
I don't know.
Yeah, there is a ton of that, and the deposition itself is, like, five hours long.
And so we're going to chop out a fair amount of that, and just talk about what is the matter.
What's the point here?
Yeah.
From the way you described it to me, I got a little bit of, like, what would it be like
to depose Donald Rumsfeld?
I think that Donald Rumsfeld might take less long pauses before answering questions.
He's a lot slicker.
Every single question, there's a long pause, unfortunately.
Actually, I think it's probably a good strategy.
Oh, it's much smarter than Alex's strategy of saying whatever.
Yeah.
Hey, what do you not know that I can give to you that would help you?
Although I will say that I think that some of the strategies that she does employ in
terms of answering questions are not much better, and maybe are more shocking and way
more offensive than some of the things Alex said.
Well, that sounds about right.
So strap it in.
Here we go.
So at the beginning of this, at the start, Mark asks a number of questions to try and
nail down how much preparation Daria did for the deposition, and with whom she consulted.
The preparation is clearly minimal, and the questions are kind of repetitive, so I'm going
to skip past that bit where that's discussed.
I'll put it this way.
On a scale of one to ten, she's not very prepared, but a little more than Rob do.
Right.
So she's a 1.2.
Maybe.
On a scale of one to ten, she's a 0.8.
Right, right.
Oh, I thought with...
Okay.
It's not zero.
Yeah, I thought do was at the one, since it's a scale of one to ten.
You can't use it to the negatives.
You can't have a negative on a scale like, oh, you're cheating.
I'm having a number war.
You are.
So this leads us to Mark presenting Daria with a folder that she had brought along that
contained what she wanted to introduce into evidence.
She had brought along some documents, and this is where we're at.
Beautiful.
Now, I understand.
I've been given a folder.
Do you recognize this folder that I'm holding right here?
Yes.
Have you been told that these are documents that you reviewed prior to this deposition?
Yes.
Okay.
So you have taken the documents that you prepared yourself for today and put them in this folder?
Correct.
Okay.
I want to right now...
No, let's do them individually.
Yeah, that's probably not the best.
That's not the worst idea.
Okay.
So, ma'am, what I'm going to do is I'm going to put a sticker on this folder itself, and
we're going to mark that as Exhibit 1.
Okay.
And I want to talk to you about some of the documents in here.
So each exhibit is going to be like 1A, 1B, 1C in this folder of things she's brought.
And I think I can say this without giving away any privileged information.
This was the first one.
In terms of like what day one was the Daria deposition, then the next day was Alex.
So this was my first moments of being in this setting.
And I was just like, I just like, I got to get a seatbelt.
I got to strap this in because here is where we begin with these documents.
I've marked this as 1A.
You recognize that, correct?
That's a document that you reviewed prior to this deposition, right?
Correct.
That is the Wikipedia entry for false flag, correct?
Yes.
Okay.
Can you tell me why you looked at this document?
I thought it would be a good idea to bring it as a reference to some of the points for
topic number one.
If I could have the list of topics that would help me to identify the exhibits.
I understand what you're saying.
In fact, let's do that.
So the topic that Daria is referring to is the sourcing and research that went into the
productions of the videos that are listed in the plaintiff's case.
So I don't know what she needs the false flag Wikipedia page for.
I felt like this had not started well.
I was worried.
I mean, I'm thinking about this now, and I'm thinking about removing the sticker that says
1A and putting a new sticker on that says, grape job, and you can scratch it and it smells
like grapes, Dan!
Four stars.
Tell her to go home to her mother.
Exactly.
Good God.
So here's the next document we get.
So now I have handed you what I've marked as 1C, which you recognize, correct?
Correct.
And that is the Wikipedia entry for the Reichstag fire, correct?
Yes.
The Reichstag fire was a Nazi party arson attack, correct?
Correct.
Okay.
Can you tell me why this is relevant to the case?
Same answer as for the previous exhibit.
I thought it would be a document pertaining to some of the points in topic number one
as an example of false flags.
Hmm.
Okay.
Another Wikipedia page.
To paraphrase the one funny thing Pete Holmes ever said, it seems like you printed out a
part of the internet for us to throw away.
Yeah, it's strange, because again, as the corporate representative, the lion's share
of what she's supposed to be discussing is sourcing and personnel who worked on the videos
in question, and that has nothing to do with the Reichstag fire's Wikipedia page.
Disagree.
Sources?
Mostly Nazis.
Fair enough.
Let's see if the next one's better.
We'll put it into 1D.
You recognize that?
Yes.
Okay.
Where does, can you read the website at the bottom?
What website does that come from?
Historytoday.com.
Okay.
So this is a History Today article about the sinking of the main, correct?
Correct.
Okay.
The USS Maine was a 19th century warship, correct?
Correct.
Okay.
And that warship exploded in Havana Harbor, correct?
Correct.
There is significant historical evidence to suggest that that ship was intentionally exploded
by the United States government.
That's correct?
There is a controversy about it, let's say.
In other words, what I'm wondering is, from reading that article, did you come away with
the idea that there is substantial evidence, in other words, non-trivial evidence, which
people could use to support the idea that the USS Maine was intentionally destroyed
by the United States government?
I would say one could infer that.
Okay.
Can you tell me why that particular article is relevant to your testimony today?
It could be viewed as an example of false flags.
Okay.
Throughout history.
Cool.
So at this point, I think it becomes a bit clear that the strategy of the articles that
Daria has in the folder amounts to a lazy attempt at illustrating that false flags have
happened in the past, and thus it's not so out of left field for Alex to question whether
any event may or may not be another one.
That's all good and well, but it's really superfluous to the questions at hand.
And the thing that I find most interesting is that while being questioned about the article
concerning the sinking of the Maine, Daria seems unwilling to commit to even saying that
there's evidence that it was a false flag, only going so far as to say that there's controversy.
She's cagey.
Yeah.
That's some of the vibe you might be getting in the early stages of this.
I thought that was a little bit weird, but I guess maybe it could make some strategic
sense in that you don't have to prove anything as a false flag, all you have to do is prove
that some things people say are, because that's the behavior you're trying to justify in terms
of Alex.
Right.
I mean, I just want to ask this question over and over and over again to all of these people,
just like, let's strip away all the bullshit on a fundamental level.
Do you know why you're here?
Just like, why?
What are you here to do?
Yeah.
You know?
Again, it's going back to that stuff with Alex, you have to get back to like fundamentals.
What is water?
Is it the wet stuff?
Is that it?
Is it something else?
Can you breathe water?
Yeah.
Oh, hey, listen, if you think water is air and that's how we have to talk about it and
I have to say water is air and air is water, that's fucking fine as long as we agree.
At least we'll be able to communicate.
Exactly.
Yeah.
That's all I need to know, man.
Yeah.
It's that idea that the beginning of communication is the definition of terms.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You can't really, and I do think that that does come into a problem with interacting
with folks from Infowars as it seems from these depositions in particular that I've
seen.
I mean.
It seems like you're not having, you're talking in different languages.
Do you know what it makes me think of when we talked to John Ronson, he very briefly
had this moment where we went kind of far off and he just said, you know, he was wondering
how is it that we can judge Alex, you know, just in this sense of like, do we judge him
the way we judge other people because he's clearly not like other people.
Who can you judge him by?
What is the standard by which Alex can be judged?
And it's like when you have an entire organization that is thinking it's totally fine to print
out a Wikipedia article and take it to a deposition.
I don't know.
They're aliens.
That's what it is.
They're just aliens.
You know?
It introduces a really strange question that is like, is this somebody who's trying to
bluff a report like, like, like, ah, this'll do.
Or is it someone who doesn't care or is it an active insult?
Yeah.
Like I don't know.
And it could, I don't, I, yeah, exactly.
Aliens.
Just complete aliens.
I don't understand what is happening.
Yeah.
But maybe like the rest of these documents will help you.
I'm sure they will.
I'm sure they will.
I'm going to put in front of you one E. You recognize that, correct?
Yes.
This is a Wikipedia entry for the Pearl Harbor advanced knowledge conspiracy theory, correct?
Correct.
Is this same answer as the other documents?
Yes.
Okay.
So this is another example of potentially, well, let me back up.
Would you call this a false flag, for instance, if, let me rephrase that question.
If the allegations about this conspiracy theory are true, would you consider that a false
flag?
I would say so.
So we have another Wikipedia article about conspiracy theories about Pearl Harbor.
I think the point's made by this point, right?
Nope.
I don't know.
Nope.
You don't understand.
I don't know why we need more.
So at least the documents aren't all just Wikipedia pages.
Some of them are bios for weirdos.
Like the back of a book jacket?
I'm going to put it in front of you one E. You recognize that?
Yes.
Can you explain what that is?
Yes, it is an article that was archived from the website DC Clothesline, which includes
Mr. Halbig's biography, which I wanted to have on hand.
Okay.
So this is just biographical information about one of Infowars sources.
Correct.
So we got Wolfgang Halbig's bio.
And we have another bio.
All right.
I'm going to show you a marked as 1H.
You recognize that?
Yes.
That's from Dr. Steve Puchenik's website, isn't it?
Yes.
Okay.
And that's basically a biography of Dr. Steve Puchenik?
Correct.
Okay.
And you wanted to have that because Steve Puchenik is somebody who has appeared on Infowars
at one point to talk about San Diego.
Correct.
Okay.
I do regret that unfortunately in this deposition, more questions aren't asked about Steve Puchenik.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Because I think having anybody have to answer for like some of the bullshit.
Even just the bio.
Yeah.
Just be like, how much of this do you actually think is-
Let's just go through it.
Let's just go through it and you tell me what's true and what's not true.
You brought it into evidence, man.
That's what's going on now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So we've got the bio of these two people, which I think is, I mean, I don't think it
matters much, but at least it seems more relevant to what you might bring.
Right.
And then there's another document in there and this is where things start to get real
fucked-
My daughter drew a picture.
Things are real fucked up at this point.
It is really weird.
I'm going to show you now.
Okay.
I'm going to show you now what I have marked as one I.
You recognize that?
Yes.
That's a Guardian article, right?
Correct.
Guardian's a newspaper in Britain.
Am I right about that?
Yes.
Okay.
This article says, it's headline says, Sandy Hook father, Leonard Posner on death threats.
I never imagined having to fight for my child's legacy.
Correct?
Correct.
What did you need this article for in your testimony today?
Let me, that's not a good question.
Why did you feel you wanted to review this article for your testimony today?
After this, there is a long pause.
Yeah.
Because-
A very long pause.
I don't, I don't know if it's a long pause of like trying to remember why or if it was
like a, how do I say this or-
Yeah.
I'm not sure, but it goes off the fucking rails.
The reason I wanted to have this article is that I thought one of the victim's mother,
there was interesting information regarding the victim's mother and her request to have
an open casket for the funeral.
Why is that interesting here?
It seems to me that the motivation for doing so would be to exploit
a child's death for a political agenda.
Might another reason for it is because a bunch of people were saying that child was fake.
Couldn't that be a reason for it?
I don't know.
Oh boy.
Oh boy.
So she has brought a Guardian article that references how Ms. De La Rosa had opted to
have-
An open casket funeral.
So, um, you know, we, this is dicey.
This feels real Mark Dicey.
I'm not stoked about the direction it's going.
No.
No.
And it gets, uh, I mean-
Sitting here right now, if your child, let's back up.
You just, you just had a baby, right?
Yes.
Okay.
Let's say six years from now, your child walks into elementary school and is massacred in
a gun violence incident and some news organizations, you're saying that your child is fake.
Can you see that a possible way to combat that would be to have an open casket funeral
for your child?
No.
That's not something you would ever consider?
No.
You could, you can imagine how somebody else could consider that.
Not if they have a heart and no political agenda.
Okay.
So you think that this Jewish family's choice to have an open casket funeral for their child
was politically motivated?
I'm going to object to this being outside the scope of a corporate representative testimony.
That's fine.
Ooh.
So they discuss this objection and then they determine that she should answer the question.
Oh, I thought Brad finally had one good thing to, you know?
Well, I mean, the objection might be fine, but it's, it's, it's still going to answer
the question.
The court reporter reads the question back.
Okay.
And, uh, ooh.
What has being Jewish have anything to do with this?
I'm not here to answer your question today.
I don't know.
My answer is my, my personal opinion, I find it unconscionable.
That's something that I would never bring myself to doing.
People have open casket funerals every day, don't they?
Yes.
However, considering the circumstances and how the child was disfigured based on these
articles, I find that just horrific.
Okay.
So Daria didn't pick up on this, but the reason that Mark brought up the fact that the parent
is Jewish and decided to have an open casket funeral for her son is because that's a huge
deal.
In most Jewish traditions, it's not acceptable to have an open casket funeral.
Out of respect, it's traditionally understood that you're not supposed to gaze upon the
face of the deceased.
The fact that a person of Jewish heritage would make the decision to have an open casket
funeral because people were saying that her son didn't exist indicates a very strong conviction
that the world not be allowed to pretend that this didn't happen or try to mentally hide
behind safe images.
As Veronique, the mother in question, told The Forward, quote, I just want people to
know the ugliness of it so we don't talk about it abstractly, like these little angels went
to heaven.
No, they were butchered.
They were brutalized, and that's what haunts me at night.
It's a subtle nuance that's being hinted at in this question that's completely missed
by Daria, because in preparation for this deposition, it doesn't seem like she's done
all that much.
Still, a little better prepared than Rob Doo, but it's impossible to beat that bar.
You're never going to do worse than him, I don't think.
Yeah.
I mean, the worst part is...
Well, I guess if Rob Doo had shown up drunk.
That would have been nice.
That would have been a good day for us.
Yeah, sorry.
Well, the strange thing is I believe her, but partially because she's on the other side,
so she's not going to do that stuff because she knows it won't fucking do a thing.
I kind of agree with you that I emotionally agree that she is not lying, that she thinks
that they would do this for political reasons, and if you had a heart you would never do
that.
She believes that.
I don't think that's coming from an analytical place, I think that is an emotional truth.
Yup, because she knows what somebody would do to somebody who did that.
It sounds that way to me.
So we got another article, this is weird.
Here's another article about that, right?
Exhibit 1J?
Yes.
Okay, so you actually pulled two separate articles about Noah Posner's funeral having
an open coffin, correct?
I pulled this one article because it was linked in the Guardian, and I wanted to make sure
that I have the sources of where I got- I'm thorough, baby!
Okay.
And so, of all the documents that you've reviewed regarding the plaintiffs, the only ones you've
reviewed that you chose to go review were two articles about Mrs. Posner choosing to
have an open casket for her son, correct?
That wasn't the reason why I reviewed the article.
That's not what I'm asking you, Ms. Krapova.
I'm asking you, of all the documents you reviewed about the plaintiffs before this deposition,
the only two that you did review are articles that discuss Noah Posner's funeral having
an open casket, correct?
They happened to mention that, but that's not the only thing they discussed.
I'm not saying that.
I understand what you're saying.
Let's make it even broader than for you.
The only two pieces of documentation that you have reviewed for this deposition about
the plaintiffs are two articles, both of which discuss in the article Noah Posner's open
casket funeral, correct?
Yes.
Okay.
Tell me any other information from those articles that you believe is relevant to this deposition
today.
I've already mentioned that the state of the physical body that the child had for the open
casket ceremony describes that.
Okay, so when it comes down to the documents that you reviewed for this deposition about
the plaintiffs, the only information that you're really gleaning from this that's useful
to this deposition concerns Noah Posner's open casket and the appearance of his body,
correct?
It was useful to some of the points.
I'm not asking what it's useful for.
This is bizarre.
You have Wikipedia articles, Steve and Wolfgang's self-written bios, and multiple articles about
Noah Posner having an open casket funeral.
It's upsetting.
If I was going to subtitle this deposition, it would be, when you say it like that...
Wait, wait until we get deeper into this.
Every time she hears something, it's like she hears it for the first time.
She's like, oh, well, when you put it like that, it sure sounds like I'm an asshole.
There's some deep bizarreness that is even...
This is just the amuse-bouche of how bizarre this is going to get.
This is crazy.
Mark tries to get into the actual topics that she's there as the corporate representative
to discuss, and that is a dead end.
Thought number one is the sourcing and research for the videos described in plaintiff's petitions.
When was the last time you watched those videos?
Back up.
Made an assumption there.
Have you watched the videos in plaintiff's petition?
Ever in your history of it before?
I've watched some of them.
What?
Okay.
So, one thing we can say is that in preparation for this deposition, you didn't watch those
videos, correct?
I'm sorry.
Ms. Karpov, is that a difficult question for you to answer?
Well, I've already answered some of the videos.
Right.
No, I understand that you have in your history at Infowars since 2015, you've probably on
occasion seen some of these videos.
I understand that.
What I'm asking you is since the date you were told you were given this deposition in
November and you were preparing for this deposition, you haven't watched any of these videos, right?
I have not.
Okay.
Ooh.
So, this is a bad start because you now know that you're not going to really even be familiar
with the videos in question.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
And that is kind of limiting.
Yeah.
Is your ability to testify as a corporate representative.
Yeah.
So, once we've established here that she hasn't watched these videos in preparation, it turns
out that also that by extension, that means she doesn't even know what they say.
Do you see that paragraph 14 identifies a January 27th, 2013 video entitled, Why People
Think Sandy Hook is a Hoax?
Yes.
Okay.
You're familiar with the claims made in that video, right?
In what form?
I don't recall the exact video.
And so, sitting here today, you're not familiar with the claims made in that video?
No.
Okay.
And because of this, so much of the questions that are being asked end up being like her
guessing.
I don't know.
You know, like what are the sources for this?
Like, I assume that it's Wolfgang Halbig, or I have an educated guess that it's this
person.
Right.
Right.
And then Mark will push back about like, what did you do to try and figure out, if anything,
who made this video?
Who worked on this?
What are the sources?
Yeah.
And she's like, well, nothing.
It's okay.
I mean, how did they pick who shows up for...
Did they throw a dart or something?
What is happening?
I think there's an Infowars elder who goes into a trance and then they choose somebody.
Bananas.
Yeah.
The confidence with which you would walk into what amounts to the end of your professional
career.
So we're going to skip a bunch of the back and forth of just like, who did this?
I don't know.
Probably Wolfgang.
Probably Wolfgang.
And there's a lot of it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Because it's not relevant.
It definitely is.
Oh, totally.
And it paints the picture of how unprepared she was for this deposition and the lack of
respect that's being shown to the process.
But in terms of, we're doing a show also, and I think it would get grating in much the
same way it was clearly in the room.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So we're going to jump to a question about the Super Bowl pick.
Right.
So this is the pick that Alex was asked about.
It's a Wolfgang Halbig sent it to Nico and we couldn't determine whether or not Alex
should answer if this is crazy.
Actually he did say it was crazy.
Here is Mark beginning to bring this up to Daria.
All right.
So I'm just trying to make sure.
Have you seen this document?
I don't recall reading this particular exchange with Mr. Halbig and Nico.
Okay.
I'm going to start at the bottom here.
And this is, this document that I'm reading from you is marked FSS Texas, FSSTX-039429.
And you will see at the bottom email, Mr. Halbig writes to Nico.
Do you know who Nathaniel Foulkes is, the person he copies?
No.
Okay.
Nico, though, is an Infowars employee.
Yes.
Do you know who he is?
I don't know.
He's not employed by FSS.
At this time?
Oh, at this time he would be the head producer.
Nico is no longer employed by Infowars?
Correct.
Does Infowars possess his last known contact information?
Yes.
Okay.
Mr. Halbig in this email states, Nico, the picture of the Sandy Hook Elementary School
Choir is one of the keys.
Other pictures are great for discussion.
These are the CT crime pictures.
Wolf.
I've read that correctly?
Yes.
Okay.
Nico responds and says, got the Super Bowl picture.
Thank you for sending.
We will be having, we will be calling you on Skype at 1 p.m. Eastern Time.
How long will you be available for the interview today?
Thanks, Nico.
I've read that correctly?
Yes.
Okay.
And then the final email says, as long as you and Alex can put up with me, Wolfgang.
I've read that correctly.
Yes.
Okay.
Does this help you refresh your memory about what the Super Bowl picture is?
So we've got the topic introduced.
We have Nico's response to getting the Super Bowl picture.
I will say, though, if I can say one positive thing about Wolfgang Halbig, it's that sometimes
he signs off his emails, wolf.
Ooh, that's not bad.
Yeah, but it's not consistent.
Eh, yeah, I know.
I think if my name was Wolfgang, I'd be constantly making people call me wolf.
I don't know.
Sometimes you sign your emails Dutch, don't you?
No, I don't.
So we get to talking about the Super Bowl pick itself.
Uh-huh.
This, oh God, this is, I don't even, I'm having trouble figuring out how to prepare
you for how insane what's coming up is.
I can't be prepared.
Oof.
All right, I'm going to show you how to mark his exhibit five.
You take a look at that picture for me.
Do you see at the bottom corner where it says FSS TX.04?
Yes.
476?
Yes.
Okay.
Have you seen this picture before?
Personally, I have not.
Okay.
This was a document though, you can tell from the number at the bottom, that was produced
by the company, correct?
Yes.
Okay.
Can you read what it says at the very top of the picture, the white text?
Ten Sandy Hook children found alive and well.
Okay.
This, um, does the company now admit that this picture is, um, outrageous?
Objection form.
Yeah, my turn.
Hey, listen, listen, it's been a long fucking trial and you guys have been dicks.
Are you ready to admit that this is outrageous?
Excuse me, uh, are you ready to say you're full of shit, neener, neener, neener, go fuck
yourself?
Um, yeah, so apparently this is, this is, this is worth an objection.
Yeah.
But it, it deteriorates.
Well, what I'm saying is if there's an expert and you've been relying on him, guy's supposed
to be a school safety shooting expert, whatever it is, right?
You're relying on it.
And then just hypothetically, that person just starts saying absolutely crazy things
and it's pretty clear they're going off their rocker.
Maybe they were even credible at one time, but suddenly they start saying a bunch of
crazy things to the company when it's deciding whether to put stuff on about Sandy Hook,
it needs to, it should consider whether what the things it's expert is saying are crazy,
correct?
Well, if he's the expert on the subject matter and who knows a lot more on the subject than
any of us working at free speech systems, it would be reasonable to believe that we
would want to listen what, what consider what, what the information that he's bringing.
What exactly in Wolfgang Halbig's history and expertise makes him an expert that you
should defer to on whether this picture of the Super Bowl choir is actually pictures
of children who were murdered?
Well, that's a good question.
That's why I brought his bio, which I would like to read.
No.
You'd just like to read the record or what?
No.
Wild.
No.
Wild.
No.
So one of the things I think is really interesting that's going on there is that like Dory is
essentially appealing to authority.
Yeah.
You know, like just being like, well, Wolfgang said so and he's the expert on things.
No, that, that was like, really?
You're going to, you're going to tell me.
If the expert says crazy things, they're not crazy because this person's the expert.
Those things by being said by this person become credible.
That's weird.
Okay.
So what you're telling me is that the editorial standard for Info Wars is if somebody was
an expert, we would believe them.
Can we even qualify that further?
That's a good point.
If they claim to be an expert.
There we are.
Yes.
So before we even get to expert.
If you make up credentials for yourself that are really impressive, you get to just do
whatever you want.
Yeah.
So you're telling me that the tip of the spear against disinformation from the mainstream
media.
They do a lot of background work.
The people who work 11 hours a day.
Oh, Alex is up until five in the morning sometimes always researching.
You're telling me that you don't need to verify any of that shit on your own?
No, no.
Cause this guy's an expert.
Fair enough.
So Mark wants to know if this picture of the Super Bowl choir that was sent to Nico was
made by a sane person.
You admit sitting here right now, this was not created by a rational, sane human being.
Or are you going to tell this jury that this is created by a rational, sane human being?
I don't have an opinion, a personal opinion on it.
So you see this picture and then trying to determine whether it was created by a sane
rational human being.
You look at it and go, I have no strong feelings either way.
Correct?
I'm not a psychiatric medical expert to determine who is sane and who isn't.
That is quite a, quite a response.
Ooh boy.
I mean, you know, listen, Goldwater rule.
What are you going to do?
I guess there's really no way around that from like a questioning perspective really
like of like, yeah, you, I guess you aren't, but you're just trying to dodge the question
of like, it's very clear.
If you look at this, you'd be like, this is well, as Mark said, outrageous.
No, I mean, there's the problem with this little chunk right here is, uh, we're in a
situation where the rules are such that you can't, Mark can't be like, Hey, listen, you
know, and she can't be like, I know, but you know, right.
And he can't be like, well, yeah, no, I know why she just level with me for a second.
Right?
I mean, they both, everybody knows what's going on.
This is so infuriating to me is because Mark knows she's full of shit and she knows she's
full of shit.
Now I agree.
I agree that that is a frustrating, frustrating now.
Listen to me.
Yeah.
That dynamic breaks.
Okay.
The status quo changes.
That's good.
That's good.
In the midst of this conversation about whether or not a sane person would make this, this
a Superbowl picture and Oh my God.
You would, if somebody sent you this while you were doing reporting, you would thank
them for it?
I don't know.
It depends on the circumstances.
Okay.
Well, the circumstances there, when Nico was having this exchange, what information we
had at the time.
You're the representative of my business.
Well, I'm asking you, what if you had this information, a picture that says at the top
10 Sandy Hook children found alive and well, and then the Superbowl choir from millions
of people, would you look at that and go, man, I'm glad that he sent me that.
Actually, I would rather think that those kids were alive than don't then having, because
do it tragedy of being murdered for no reason.
The innocence of those children who didn't deserve what that, that kind of fate, I would
hold out hope to the last bit of my soul, hoping and praying that that picture was that
that was something that be possible for those kids to be alive.
Whoa.
Whoa.
In if, if, if, if I saw that picture and then ask somebody a question about that picture
and then they gave me that response, I would throw a table through the wall.
I almost gasped.
That is fucking crazy.
Really.
It's such a bizarre response to the questioning over the Superbowl picture and it's not even
relevant to the question she was being asked.
This is volunteered of her own desire to express this.
Okay.
Now it's, it's really hard to understand this mentality unless you recognize that people
like Daria, and I would assume most of the people at Infowars don't ascribe to the rules
of reality with things like cause and effect or object permanence in her mind, choosing
to believe that the kids who were killed at Sandy Hook are actually secretly in the choir
at the Superbowl.
That's an optimistic idea because the alternative is choosing to believe that the kids are dead.
There's so many problems with this idea.
I mean, the most obvious being that what she's describing is essentially just living in a
fantasy world because reality is too tough, but also she seems to be ignoring how this
isn't an isolated thing.
Like if the kids at Sandy Hook were secretly in that choir, the implications of that are
horrific and I don't, I don't know if this would actually be an optimistic scenario.
No, it'd be the worst case possible fucking scenario that I've ever been.
If the government had just pulled off a massive false flag and then they were rubbing it in
by having the fake kids sing at the Superbowl, I suspect those kids would not live past halftime.
These are the people who work for the literal devil.
They're not above that shit.
I find it hard to believe that if the globalists did something like this, they would just leave
those loose hanging threads out there.
I mean, for your response to that question to just be like, you know, I choose hope and
it's just fucking go, go, get out of here.
So when I heard Daria say that I thought, well, this trip has been worth it.
I had heard something that was completely unpredictable.
That was something I never expected I would hear.
And then it actually even goes on.
So if you think about it from your point of view, if you think about it, if the parents
of my clients saw this picture, it should give them a lot of hope, right?
They should react really positively to this with a lot of hope inside, right?
Objection form.
Is that what you're saying?
I'm not those parents.
I'm looking at it as an outsider and I would much rather, and I don't know a person with
a heart would rather think, would rather believe that the kids are dead versus that the kids
might be alive.
I would say it's reasonable for a person with a heart to have that sort of optimism as it's
as I'm, I'm sure Alex wanted to believe that those kids, if there was any possibility that
the kids were not dead, then he was going to grab onto it because that's a much better
proposition to have in your heart and mind then to, to realize that they weren't.
So Alex Jones, according to how the company views things in terms of your Sandy Hook coverage,
Alex Jones said the kids didn't really die and they were really alive in part because
he has such a big heart and a lot of hope and optimism, correct?
Objection form.
If you might not have heard it because the lawyer was talking, but she said yes.
That's truly bizarre.
And remember, this is somebody testifying as a corporate representative.
Yeah, I was going to say, that's something that's really important to remind people here.
She's there in an official capacity and still decided to take a very ill-advised swing at
trying to pretend that spreading Sandy Hook conspiracies was actually an act of kindness.
Listen, the editorial position of Info Wars and Free Speech Systems is that not only was
Santa real in Miracle on 34th street, he is real outside of Miracle on the 34th street.
If I were Mark, I would have kept pressing on this line of thought to really determine
if Daria thinks that her beliefs somehow affect world events.
Like if she believes that her thinking that the kids were alive has any bearing on whether
or not they are actually alive or dead from these comments, I am not sure.
I mean, I, you know, that's the weird thing that I'm getting right now.
I was so quick to believe her earlier whenever she said that she wouldn't do that stuff,
because I do believe that she does think that if you were, that you would never engage with
conspiracy theorists if your kid dies, because it won't matter either way.
Like that makes sense to me.
She's saying this with the same tone of like emotional honesty, and this is batshit crazy.
Yes, there are a couple moments where you get that outside of the, I don't know, like
answers about sources, and I didn't do anything to prepare for this.
Like this, that moment, those two of the moments that are like, that are like really stand
out.
And I think this one is particularly upsetting.
It's very upsetting.
And I think the point that Mark brings up about like, oh, my clients should love this
picture that it should give them hope.
Like the fact that she can't register or refuses to register, that's obviously, it makes her
idea look absurd, because of course the parents are furious.
Right, right, right.
So here's the dumb thing you said.
I'm going to take it to a logical endpoint, and now you're going to see that it's dumb.
And she's like, well, I would rather die than see that it's dumb.
And actually I find it much more comfortable to live in this dumb place.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Congratulations.
If you have a heart, how could you not believe that I am writing a unicorn home after we
record this show?
If you have a heart.
There is also this focus of like having a heart.
Having a, just have a heart, Dan.
It is weird.
Sure, we've harassed and destroyed many people's lives, but that's because we have a heart,
Dan.
Right.
It's for the good of hearts.
All of you lawyers trying to get some sort of remuneration for these Sandy Hook families
that we've badgered and horrifically fucked with for the past 10 years or whatever it
is.
Those people.
You should call Info Wars Cheerios because it's heart healthy, heart friendly.
All right.
So Daria, there's more questions that you can't answer about sourcing and stuff.
And so they end up taking a break and this is where I was like, oh my God.
There's just a recognition that like she is in trouble.
You see there it's talking about an April 22nd, 2017 video called Sandy Hook Vampires
Exposed.
Yes.
You understand that that is the video that Mr. Posner and Mrs. De La Rosa based their
defamation claim on?
Did you know that?
Okay.
Did you know that?
When preparing for this depo, did you know that?
Yes.
Okay.
Did you watch that video?
I mean, unless you've watched it in the last couple of hours, you haven't watched it, right?
For this deposition?
I'm familiar with the video.
Did you watch it in preparing for this deposition though?
Yes, I believe so.
Okay.
When did you watch it?
Earlier today when?
During the break.
Oh, so during the break, when it became apparent that you hadn't watched these videos, you
went and tried to watch this video.
Yes.
You didn't watch the whole thing though, did you?
No.
Because it's a 45 minute video, right?
It's a lengthy video.
Yeah, so you didn't watch this video.
You watched pieces of this video, correct?
Correct.
How many pieces did you watch?
How many minutes total did you watch of this video?
Did not count.
That's a tough thing to admit to as a corporate representative that like, ah, I recognized
a couple hours into this deposition that I was so underwater that I needed to go on break
and do the preparation that I should have done beforehand.
Right.
Right, right.
So we, so when I came into this, I was judging myself by Rob Dew standards.
And you're doing great.
And I really thought that I could do no wrong because I brought in Wikipedia articles and
that was-
DW no wrong.
Yes, exactly.
Sorry.
But, but now after talking to you, I'm realizing that I really should have crammed for my homework.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I should have done something.
Oh man, it would have been really nice.
I'm still better than Dew.
Yeah.
I watched a video during the break.
See, Dew didn't do that.
That I think won't play well.
No, no, that's, that's gotta, Jesus Christ.
Pretty bad.
So this next-
You know a judge read that, right?
Like, like she knows that somewhere along the line, a judge is going to go, you tried
to watch it when?
So this next clip has to do with an email exchange between Rob Dew and Dan Badandi.
So Dan Badandi had wanted to get clearance for some man on the street questions that
he wanted to do.
Do a man on the street piece.
Sure, sure, sure, sure.
And Rob Dew responded, no, go to Newtown.
Cover Sandy Hook.
Get the fuck out.
Right.
Come on.
So here's, here's how this goes.
Okay.
So, and then what we see basically here is just some proposed questions that he wants
to ask random people on the street, right?
Yes.
All right.
So this is a follow-up email from Rob Dew, he doesn't want Dan to do that, right?
Correct.
Right.
It's going to be old by the time they can air it, correct?
Yes.
Okay.
So he says, go to Sandy Hook, we will cover that, correct?
Yes.
Okay.
So it was an intentional choice by Mr. Dew to want to get Dan Badandi to go to Sandy
Hook, correct?
Yes, because it was in the news and the nature of, of the beast, so to speak, in the news,
the 24-hour news cycle expires really fast.
How was, excuse me, I'm sorry.
Yeah.
How was Sandy Hook in the news on 7-7-2015?
There we go.
What had happened that would put it in?
I was about to say.
Um, don't, I don't have the record of that right now.
Right.
So you don't know that it had anything to do.
Sandy Hook has been in the news, despite the fact that Alex have not mentioned it in years,
and it keeps being put in the news as if Alex is the one who is the purveyor of the Sandy
Hook news, the Sandy Hook, and him talking about the parents, yet it's the mainstream
media who keeps mentioning the parents and tormenting the parents and the entire situation.
When you say purveyor, when he's saying, go to Sandy Hook, we will cover that, Infowars
is being the purveyor through almost, almost three years after Sandy Hook is being the
purveyor of Sandy Hook coverage.
Correct?
No.
What is that then?
Again.
Is he saying that we're going to cover it and not air it?
He intends to put whatever Dan Badani does on the air.
Correct?
Uh, it depends if the report is good or not.
And then again, and answering this question, you've speculated out of thin air that there
was something going on around January 7th, 2015 that put this in the news, that made
it timely.
But that was pure speculation.
You have no idea what that might be.
Correct?
That's the nature of our news.
That's how we do news.
If there's something in the news, then we'll cover it.
Yeah, y'all were going to make news.
Do you understand that?
You're sending Dan Badani there to Wolfgang Halbeck.
Do you know what they did there?
No.
That's not good that she doesn't know.
I mean, if I were the corporate representative, I would definitely know that.
And I would have written some long explanation for why it's somehow okay.
Yeah, maybe some kind of rationalization at the very least, because it's, yeah, it's bad.
It would need to, look, St. Thomas Aquinas would have been proud of whatever I had written
to try and get out of that bullshit.
Because it takes a lot.
St. Thomas Aquinas is fun because actually Wolfgang Halbeck was harassing people at a
Catholic school.
Take that.
So it's actually appropriate.
No, they were probably Cistercian monks.
So there's another email from Dan Badandi that leads to a little bit of drama in the
room.
All right.
What we have here is from truthradio9990 at hotmail.com, and this was something sent to
robdoo at Infowars, right?
Right.
Okay.
And so we have this email here from Dan Badandi stating, someone you may want to get in that
documentary on Sandy Hook, and it says forward, Dan, Alex announced that he is going to do
a Sandy Hook doc film.
Sheila Matthews, who you met in Hartford at a Halbeck hearing is a friend of mine who
lives in the next town.
And I'm going to guess that says over and we don't know what it says after that, but
then it says, Sheila asked me to provide you with her telephone number.
It gets a telephone number, right?
Right.
Okay.
And then Rob sends it to you.
And this is April 24th, 2018.
Correct?
And he says, if Alex wants to go the Sandy Hook route, you may want to get this lady
on.
Oof.
Correct?
Yes.
Okay.
So this is just shortly after the company was sued, right?
Yes.
That's why he wants to make this documentary, right?
Not sure the exact reasons for Alex wanting to do a documentary.
What is the Sandy Hook route?
What is that?
You don't want to answer that question.
Never heard of it.
What?
So we have Dan Badandi suggesting a guest and writing an email where there's an awareness
that Alex is wanting to or planning to make a documentary about Sandy Hook in 2018.
Okay.
So the Sandy Hook route.
All right.
Now there's not a lot of beaches in Austin, but there are some.
And when you go to the beach, all right, there's sand everywhere.
And I don't know if you've heard about sand.
Sand is actually a bunch of crashed, you know, like it could be rock.
Sure.
It could be glass.
It could be any number of things.
So there's sand, right?
And we were going to go fishing.
We were going fishing.
There was a sand.
We were going fishing.
There's a hook.
See?
Sandy Hook route.
Completely different.
Completely different.
Alex was working on a sort of a scene, you know, like sort of a Tableau art decorative
piece where it was-
Oh, that sounds interesting.
Right.
And it was Peter Pan versus Captain Hook.
Oh.
But all of the characters were Pecan Sandies.
Oh.
They're all cookies.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That sounds like a delicious treat.
That is the route.
Yep.
So no, her sort of response to this, generally speaking, is that like, oh no, it had nothing
to do with the documentary.
It was just Rob was suggesting this person maybe Alex would want to have on the show
as a guest.
Right.
I don't really understand how that helps that much.
No.
But she's just trying to evade answering or recognizing that there was at least some kind
of an internally discussed plan that Alex wanted to make a documentary about Sandy Hook
in 2018 and that Dan Badandi was sending sources.
Yeah, that's not good.
The question about Dan Badandi sending sources, this is where things go off the rails.
If Rob Dew was sending to you a source from Dan Badandi, the truth warrior, we can be
fairly certain that that guest was going to support the idea that Sandy Hook was fake.
Right.
That's a fair assumption.
Objection form.
Don't answer that question.
Why not?
Because that's extremely misleading.
That's not a proper basis to object to.
Go read the rule.
Madam court reporter, can you read my question back?
So it's pretty clear that the reason that this was a question that if you can pull off,
you don't want your client to answer.
No, absolutely.
You do not want that.
No, no, no, no, of course not.
It wasn't for Dan Badandi just to be suggesting a guest, but for him to send in a guest on
the subject of Sandy Hook, referencing a documentary Alex is thinking of making.
And then for Rob to forward that onto Daria, that indicates that there was internal action
being taken on Badandi's suggestion.
It wasn't just something that they ignored, like they want to pretend they always do with
Dan Badandi.
You get 10,000 emails a day.
Sure.
The implication is clearly that there was an interest in interviewing guests who would
support that the Sandy Hook was a hoax narrative after Alex got sued in the case.
And that's why Brad, the lawyer is saying, don't answer that question.
Yeah, yeah.
Don't answer that question.
If Rob Dew was sending to you a source for Dan Badandi, the truth lawyer, would you be
fairly certain that that guest was going to support the idea that Sandy Hook was fake,
right?
That's a fair assumption.
Have her answer the question or I'll move for sanctions.
I will.
I will move to compel that answer.
If you haven't or not answered that question, it's a very clear what you're trying to hide.
I want her to answer the question.
I don't appreciate the threats when I'm.
It's not a threat, Brad.
It is a threat and I don't really appreciate it.
You know what?
Look at where we are in this case.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
If you know the answer to the question, proceed with answering the question.
I get sent a lot of guests on a daily basis.
There's no way for me to know this specific guest would be pro Sandy Hook conspiracy theory
or the official version.
No idea.
No.
I don't think that's a reliable answer.
You couldn't predict.
But I think that's, you know, fine.
It'll just look, you know, that just looks like obfuscation.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm confused as to what, uh, what Brad's up to here.
I mean, maybe Brad's just like, uh, I got to make it look like I'm working because if
I was Brad, I'm just looking at hours, man.
I think he gets the implication of answering that question.
Oh, totally.
And if you can, if you can pull off an objection there, you might want to.
Totally.
Crucially.
However, again, you're going to be fired in like a month or two.
If past is prelude.
Alex's lawyers are not long on the job.
No.
So just, just show up.
Why would you get into a fight with Mark?
Come on, man.
We're both, we both know what's going on here.
So this, it leads to an assessment of how Badandi, like, what does he do?
What is he up to?
How is that guy?
You know what Dan Badandi believes about Sandy Hook, don't you?
You personally, Daria Karpova.
I do not.
You don't know?
I do not.
No.
As an Infowars producer here to testify as by half of the company, you also didn't do
anything to prepare to know what Dan Badandi did, right?
That's not part of the topics you were asked to talk about today.
I know Dan Badandi had questions and believe that there was a coverup in the Sandy Hook
case.
He did his hardest trying to investigate as a good reporter would.
You were testifying here right now, Dan Badandi is a good reporter.
Is that what you're testifying to?
Insofar as him trying to investigate what happened and find the truth, that's what a
good reporter is supposed to do.
You seen any videos of Dan Badandi in Connecticut of what he did?
You ever watched him?
Not recently.
You might not be the best person to qualify to talk about whether Dan Badandi was a good
reporter in Newtown, are you?
Objection form, that's not what she said.
That's what I'm asking her a question, Brad.
I'm asking you.
You may not be the best qualified person to talk about what Dan Badandi did in Newtown,
correct?
Who is Zaria Kapova, Infowars employee?
My definition of a good reporter is somebody who seeks the truth and is going to great
lengths in order to find it.
So you don't, but you can admit to me right now, you don't know what Dan Badandi did in
Newtown?
His specific actions, I don't know, but you just mentioned what-
Do you know about Saint Rose of Lima Catholic School in Newtown?
What Dan Badandi and Wolfgang Habig did there?
Not off the top of my head.
That's that Catholic school in question.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So yeah, this, I mean, that's priceless almost, like the corporate representative being unaware
of what Dan Badandi did, but also saying that she's-
He's a great reporter.
He's a great reporter.
He's one of the best.
Because you can just play he's a great reporter and then show the footage of him yelling at
people in Newtown.
I mean, I assume they think that's what a great reporter does.
I think so.
Yeah.
The dogged persistence.
Yeah, they are very, very shallow people.
So one of the questions in this case is regarding whether or not the Sandy Hook kind of materials
were used strategically in terms of marketing or that kind of thing.
And Daria says absolutely not.
Has InfoWars, when making its editorial discussions and decisions about the Sandy Hook coverage,
has it ever attempted to use its Sandy Hook stories and videos in a strategic way to attract
viewers?
No.
Okay.
The idea that we would make some video uploads about Sandy Hook as a strategic measure, that's
not something that would be a part of InfoWars editorial discussions.
Never.
Never.
Okay.
Never.
All right.
So I'm a quarterback in the pocket, right?
Yeah.
I'm starting to feel pressure.
Okay?
You should.
All of a sudden, I'm starting to see the defensive end running straight towards my face because
this question is not a calm and happy question that is going to end with your answer being
accepted as okay.
It's a blitz.
You don't have a football and it turns out all the rules have been lifted.
Yeah.
And it's 20 against one.
Yeah.
There is no offensive line.
Nope.
It's just you getting your ass kicked.
I'm going to show you what I've marked as exhibit 15.
Can you tell me who at the top here, well actually let me start at the bottom, at the
bottom corner you see there's a mark that says FSS TX-076069, correct?
Yes.
Okay.
Now, can you tell me first, let's just look at the top of the email.
Who is Darren?
Darren McBreen.
His title in 2015, do you know?
Editor.
Okay.
Who is Rob Dew, we've talked about, correct?
Yes.
Louie S, we've talked about, right?
Yes.
Okay.
The next other person that's on here is Travis Knight.
Do you know who that person is?
Yes.
Okay.
And do you know what their job position is?
Editor.
Okay.
And then this email is being sent from Louie S to Travis Knight, Rob Dew, and Darren.
And the subject is video files for Facebook upload on September 24, 2015.
That's correct?
Yes.
Okay.
Now, can I get these video files for future strategic Facebook uploads, correct?
Yes.
One of the files that he was asking for is why people think Sandy Hooks is a hooks, correct?
He didn't think they used the fucking word.
Yes.
Okay.
So we can tell from this email, and then Darren follows up and says, any luck finding these,
correct?
Yes.
So we can tell from this email that editor Darren and Louie S were attempting to use a
video about Sandy Hook being a hoax as a future strategic Facebook upload, correct?
It's one of the videos out of eight videos that he's requesting.
Sure.
So it is one of the videos being used for a future strategic Facebook upload, correct?
Objection form.
Yes.
Okay.
But won't you consider that there are seven others?
Oh, it wasn't just a sack, it was a strip sack and the defense has run it all the way
for the score.
Well, I mean, I think obviously you asked the question with the word strategic in it
because you know that-
Because you know the word strategic is going to be used, yeah.
It's not so much a magic trick as it is preparing.
No.
Well, I just would never have expected them to really have used the word strategic.
I think that at a certain point there probably wasn't a concern about it.
Yeah.
No, they just didn't give a fuck.
Yeah.
Amazing.
So Mark wants to talk a little bit about this idea of Wolfgang Halbig because obviously
he's a source for a lot of the stuff and especially the way that Daria is presenting it, a lot
of it's probably just Halbig stuff.
So the bio that she brought, it's time to talk about it a little bit.
Word for word.
Let's go on to talk about Wolfgang Halbig.
Would you mind opening up your blue folder for me?
You see that article on top?
That's something you brought today and you were talking about how much, you were talking
about like you wanted to read it today, right?
To talk about Wolfgang's qualifications?
Yes, his bio specifically.
Right his bio, okay.
So this article that you brought is what you believe, let me ask you this.
Is that something that InfoWars had before you went and looked for it for your deposition
or is that something that you got for your deposition to help you acquaint yourself?
The latter.
Okay.
So before this deposition InfoWars did not have this document in its corporate files?
Correct, the files that I looked through that I searched for Halbig's bio I could not find
anything as well as seems like it's his been memory hold on the internet as well so that's
the only article that I could actually find in an archive.
What?
I'm sorry, what?
Who actually listed his bio.
Did you go try to search Wolfgang Halbig on Google?
Did you do that?
Yes.
Okay and so when you say he's been memory hold I take it you're ignoring the dozens
of mainstream articles about Wolfgang Halbig, you don't want to use the mainstream articles.
I'm talking specifically his bio, his credentials have been memory hold.
Okay, there are mainstream articles that talk about Wolfgang's credentials or his alleged
credentials right?
Did you see any of those?
I've looked at many of them and I did not see an actual biography of his accomplishments.
So you brought us instead this exhibit 1f written by Dr. Eowyn, do you know who that
is?
I do not, I didn't bring it for the author, I brought it for the bio that is including
this article.
So now if you're Daria sitting there you have brought this and if the name Dr. Eowyn for
example it's a pretty detailed, like a small detail of this that's being brought up you
probably should you know maybe recognize it's for a reason.
Oh no I would be like hold on can I have that document real quick and then shred it eat
it yeah yeah absolutely no you can't prove shit man.
Yeah because there's bad news about this.
Do you have any faith sitting here today that the information contained in that article
is accurate?
That's because even the people who disagree with Wolfgen Habig admit that he has a lengthy
bio that's impressive.
Who said that?
I've read it in different articles when I was searching for his bio.
I thought you said his bio is the memory holder.
Well exactly they failed to mention his bio but they do acknowledge that he's got an extensive
bio if that bio is covered accurately but I could not find the actual bio because the
bio was not included.
It's accurate meaning to you.
You think it's covered accurately there?
That's what you think?
Yes.
Okay and the person who wrote that Dr. Eowyn do you know who that is?
No.
He doesn't have a last name right?
I do not believe that's the person who wrote this article.
Go back and look at the first page.
No no no I understand that the article was posted by the said Dr. Eowyn.
The bio that's been screenshotted here it's not even typed it's screenshotted from somewhere
else.
From where?
Oh boy.
I do not have the source the exact source where it was printed from.
You have no idea where that came from.
But like I said people who disagree with Habig and who criticize him admit that his bio is
impressive.
I'm still waiting to see that.
Do you have any information you can point me to that?
What do you say who's an opponent of Habig who admits that he has an impressive bio?
Yeah I would have printed those documents if that's what I thought I needed for you
but to my satisfaction I did the research and to my satisfaction this bio checks out.
Let's talk about what satisfied you which is apparently a screenshot that you cannot
identify where it came from printed in an article by Dr. Eowyn who did you who first
of all that's let me pull this question back.
Do you know who Dr. Eowyn is?
Did you know Dr. Eowyn wrote chapter two of Jim Fetzer's book Nobody Died at Sandy Hook?
There we go.
Uh oh.
Did you know that the doctor that you you brought into here is only good for my case?
Wrote a chapter of Jim Fetzer's book No One Died at Sandy Hook.
Do you want to be more closely associated with Jim Fetzer?
Uh huh.
Let's get it.
You've created more trouble for yourself by bringing this bio.
Bananas.
This is a bananas double decker of depositions.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I'm going to skip a couple of clips here because they're long and they essentially
achieve a very similar thing that you see in all of these and that is like this idea
of like if you'd known that how big was a bad source right would you have acted on it
earlier right you know and then of course Mark produces an email from March 2014 of
somebody being like this guy's credentials do not check out this is no good and then
a Don Salazar responding to the guy oh boy and so like there's there's interaction with
this person who's clearly bringing up long before they stopped having him on the show
right that he appears to be full of shit right and then they did nothing they took no action
on it right didn't double check his credentials or like whether he was a reliable source I
mean it looks bad but it's something that we see kind of a bunch happen in these depositions
it feels like and this is what is getting into my head it feels like neither Alex nor
and let's face it all of info wars does not understand that when they are in a deposition
the plaintiff is not asking them questions for fun for fun yeah like I said with Alex
it's like he's not asking about your audience size for a puff piece no this is not because
they know the answers that's the point of the deposition is for you to say some dumb
bullshit it's and you're doing that yes and oh my god oh my god so the hold on to that
idea oh my god because the emails from Wolfgang that were harassing the Sandy Hook families
that we he read that we read Alex deposition come back up uh-huh and we heard how Alex
responded to them yeah now let's see how Daria does so this first one is about the dirty
school email right so how could you let your daughter go to that school yeah and here's
Daria's take on it okay so first of all um how do you how does the company feel about
this email objection form what's your objection well vague how does the company feel sure
feelings no problem that's good good work Brad how's it coming feel about to see my
mr. Halvik is asking it seems to be concerned for their well-being of this child thank you
miss carpa let me actually I want to read this email into the record so we can talk
about it okay mr. Halvik writes Michelle how could you and your husband as responsible
parents even allow your precious child Josephine to attend that filthy and deplorable looking
school on December 14th 2012 so Mark's reading it afterwards because she was responding to
having read it to herself she was like silently reading it yeah and that was wild and listening
to this all the way through especially if you've heard Alex's deposition you start to
notice some really weird dynamics that only become clear if they're being asked about
the same documents you know it's it's really weird this document where Halvik is harassing
this parent about how filthy the school was is read by Daria and then she immediately
responds that it sounds like a person who's concerned about the well-being of the child
it's it's just so great to know that someone cares meanwhile Alex reads it and isn't disgusted
yeah there's a couple things that I could think of that might explain these different
responses the first is that they may have prepared for the depositions differently so
Alex might have been slightly more prepared the second is a possibility that Alex has
at least a modicum of emotional intelligence and can tell that he's supposed to not make
excuses for an email like that whereas Daria is just in like cover your ass and deflect
mode as I was thinking about this or as I call it researching in my mind I think I came
up with another possibility this feels like maybe it's connected to Daria's bizarre comments
about it being a function of optimism to promote the idea that the children from Sandy Hook
were still alive I jumped right to that immediately this is a fantasy reality where no one with
a heart would want to believe that Wolfgang Halbig was an almost cartoon level asshole
who spent his free time harassing grieving parents anyone with a heart would want to
believe that he's just very concerned about the janitorial staff at the school yeah yet
another option I considered is that it's really difficult as an emotional thing to confront
you know to see the actions in the real world of a person who you were an active participant
in promoting yeah when you see that he was harassing and stalking these parents and you
know that your network and all your co-workers were whitewashing his reputation raising money
for him and effectively enabling his behavior that's got to be a bit of a gut punch and
I I can kind of see why you might want to pretend it's not real here's my take on it
because I I see where you're coming from and I'm going to be far less generous as is my
want yes that is our roles um I I see it more like in order to be the host right in order
to be on screen in order to attract an audience people have to be able to make a an emotional
connection right they have to sure so whether or not you're a true psychopath or whatever
it is you want to say at the very least you have to have the emotional ability to evoke
emotion well I mean that you see that with Alex all the time the fake crying and totally
yeah and I would say that for to work with Alex it would require a an abdication of general
human sympathy and empathy entirely and that would kind of make sense why Daria has never
been an on-air person exactly I mean the when I think about it the more I think about people
like you know listening to Daria's deposition I think about fucking Tucker Carlson you know
like Tucker Carlson can go on his show and if he didn't have editorial people stopping
him he could easily easily do all the same Alex shit he's just got a bigger network with
people reining him in lawyers yeah and those people are fucking psychos it has to be like
it's the only way that you can work with a fucker like Tucker Carlson and not kill yourself
so I think Daria is just a stone cold fucking psychopath you can say that and I mean like
obviously you're violating the Goldwater rule yes I am I think that some of these answers
and you know this trend that you see of like kind of what if we pretend everything is good
I think that it's it's a bizarre way to engage with the world and it does kind of at least
speak to that difference that that dynamic yeah of Alex knows what is expected of him
right to appear normal in order to be yeah and Daria doesn't care she doesn't need to
know because she's not somebody who's forward-facing no and she's not named in the lawsuit I guess
she'll be out of job she will be out of a job but that was gonna happen anyway probably
yeah so now we get her response to the email about the stalking where how big showed up
at these people's house right and was talking about talking to their neighbors right and
I wonder what her responses that email didn't creep you out you personally
creepy out the way you're reading it yes
then creepy out to have Wolfgang havoc showing up these people's houses and describing their
three-car garage and all that stuff accusing them of being people they're not actually
are that doesn't that doesn't have any you know how many strong feelings one way or another
on that action form
correct
are you asking my personal opinion yeah your personal opinion strikes me as a passionate
man who's doing an investigation something he believes in his own heart and wants to
get to the bottom of that's a mic down that's a drop that's the type of psychopathic response
that CEOs give to fucking Congress where you're like oh you guys just are willing to watch
the humanity explode but you don't give a fuck but that response remarked that thank
you oh yeah is like a like beautiful it's it's almost like you can tell it's a containing
of elation yeah like I can't believe you said something that's gonna be so like so damaged
yeah yeah so again Dari is steadfastly refusing to see like these negative things in what
how big did the other email was concerned about the cleanliness of the school and this
one you know this this one's a passionate investigator that's how they rationalize this
I think that probably feels like good spin at the moment but this is a huge mistake because
in a deposition setting you need to be considering that your words are going to be played for
a jury and you should account for them having basic human emotions anyone in the jury who
reads or hears that email is gonna be disgusted by how big sections because it's clearly a
man stalking grieving families and when they see you making excuses for it or characterizing
it as just a passionate investigator that's gonna look really bad for you is it gives
the strong impression that you're either lying to cover something up or maybe you actually
don't think that how big stalking these families was that bad a thing for him to have done
so I have some suspicion that Alex is smart enough to realize that dynamic which could
help explain why he had the responses to those emails that's congruent with how you would
want the jury to see you and and how you know the jury is going to respond to them and I
don't even necessarily know where like that's a conscious decision but it might just be
like Alex gets that I love the way that Mark set up these emails because you could have
you could have set it up in a different in a different fashion and made some different
points but I just love the fact that it's it's like a limbo bar for empathy that he
keeps raising you know like that first one if you don't see that as monstrous you know
wow you just smacked the the fucking limbo bar Mark then raises the limbo bar up a thousand
feet of true monstrous behavior and she's like I bet I can hit that bar and that limbo
bar is really just asking like that's bad right yes hey hey you know if somebody were
lit on fire that would be a bad thing right do you agree with that yeah so there's a bunch
of questions that come up about figuring out the size of the audience trying to gauge metrics
and traffic and sure basically it all just boils down to Daria having like I didn't do
anything to figure out no okay okay great great good work then we're hours into this
deposition of course this question is damning you understand that the company produced documents
from its own corporate files right okay and you understand that some of those document
requests asked for documents about my clients right yes do you know who my clients are can
you name them I have four clients do you know who they're yeah yo it's on the notice I know
you I mean from memory you don't you got to pull this up right yes okay oh yeah the corporate
representative you don't know the names of the people suing you four and a half five
hours into this deposition do you know why we're here it's rank disrespect yeah to not
even take this seriously enough to know like even if you don't want to know their names
as people you right maybe be aware of the names of the cases right you know no I mean
this is one of those things it's it's easy to laugh at how terrible they are in these
depositions you know it is very easy because they're garbage and they're they're just dumb
on a on an astronomical scale but when you do hear that it just it reminds me all over
again like that's why it's fine for them that's why they don't care is because they never
cared that's why they will always go find another sandy hook because they don't care
what the names are of the people who are going to bankrupt their fucking business they didn't
even bother to know well because most of the time they won't end up bankrupt but that's
that's what I'm saying that's why it has to be it has to be a bankruptcy I see I see where
you're coming from yeah so we only have a couple more clips left and one of the things
that was really mysterious and the Alex deposition is the questions about the giant background
check of Leonard Posner yeah yeah so this comes up see if we can get some more answers
on this one yeah so in terms of the document the single document that was recently produced
to me about Leonard Posner you've never seen it and this is the single document that's
it mm-hmm okay you see where it says FSX TX dash eight zero eight five five four four
yes okay you don't know what this is do you if I want to ask you what is this you couldn't
tell me just like the background information right I mean I can figure that out right like
we can look at the top at the table of contents right here and it says for license investigator
purposes only do you see where it says that and then you see where it says Leonard Posner
comprehensive report yes do you see where it has all these entries about all this information
about Leonard Posner yes this is a lot of knowledge that the company has in its possession
concerning the new posner you'd agree with that yes okay and some of the information
that the company has about Leonard Posner and its knowledge include his possible relatives
right do you see that down near the bottom of the list yes and possible likely associates
and possible associates right yes okay and like for instance if we go to do you see where
it says page 66 for possible relatives can you flip to page 66 in that document for me
there's a bunch of people's personal information isn't it yes and you can't tell me why the
company has this can you I don't know no one has any idea I I listen to these and I just
wonder like who could answer that question I know I I mean I genuinely believe them when
they say they have no idea why they have it I would I suspect that I mean I don't have
any reason to believe that they are lying about yeah I mean but it's who who knows like
who does know I'm not saying who knows I mean who knows I will tell you who knows Rob you
know who it is David Jones oh let's get him in oh let's go get that guy the the the HR
not anymore though oh well that was actually a question that came up during Alex's deposition
his dad is no longer HR and it turns out that it might not be that crazy that he was HR
to begin with because he did some human resources for the dental company that he was a part
of prior to this so there may be actually some tip of the cap either way so this last
clip is not where the actual deposition ends but I would say it's where it kind of spiritually
ends okay and that is in an exchange where so I gotta give a little bit of a context
I guess to this in the Connecticut cases there's a guy named Cory Slanka who's basically is
a partner of Wolfgang Halbig's an associate and some of the nonsense that he was into
and so part of the request for production of documents in these cases in Texas involved
anything involving Cory Slanka Slanka that's hard that is hard Slanka yeah so they obviously
would know that there are documents involved because he's a co-defendant in the case in
Connecticut they would know that yes so Mark and these lawyers would know that there is
something that would be respondent in that request for documents well if they had done
their research but of course nothing came up and nothing was delivered and so this is
this is where I think you can tell throughout this that there's a sense of growing frustration
with dealing with this deposition yeah and this is kind of where I feel like well this
is this is you know what are we even doing you know Cory Sklenka is right no okay um
Cory Sklenka is an associate of Wolfgang Halbig who is a co-defendant with N-4s in the Lafferty
suit does that refresh your memory on who Cory Sklenka is no no not really okay the
you would admit being a co-defendant with Cory Sklenka in the Lafferty suit the company
possesses documents about Cory Sklenka correct objection form nothing to do with the Texas
cases here it has to do with the documents produced in response to our discovery requests
and our discovery requests were Cory Sklenka which you would know if you ever answered
okay I'm Brett this is the most disrespectful deposition I've ever been in I don't we've
been in two depositions where you presented the same your company's printed the same kind
of opponent who didn't know anything about what was being on these topics and now for
you to come in and object to topics about I'm asking about documents produced to my
discovery request and you tell me Cory Sklenka is a is a response of this case I both of
you all need to get up to speed on what this case is about first of all I am objecting
on the basis of you asking about the Connecticut litigation I'm not asking I'm not saying you
have any I'm not objecting to you asking any questions about your discovery requests second
of all no one is trying to be disrespectful here she's doing her best job and I don't
care whether you think she isn't or not I don't really care what your personal opinions
are on her or not if you have a problem with it with I'm sure you you obviously do you're
gonna try to do something about it no I'm going to and I and I and I want you to maintain
for the record that everyone here has been working as hard as they can to actually get
you answers that you want and I'm sorry that out of the hundreds of thousands of pages
of documents that you're asking about specific ones that she doesn't have the exact answer
to you haven't produced hundreds of thousands of pages okay man you know what I'm not answered
discovery Brad so if you're gonna sit here and lecture me I would like you to show me
the ones you're saying have not been responded to what's up which ones are you saying have
not been responded to you haven't responded to the positive discovery you know shape or
form and and the others have you have I been compelled by a court order to actually respond
to those documents because I got defaulted but I haven't actually seen a motion to compel
right and I'm proving all that up right now I understand that but what I'm I'm I'm unclear
on if I'm defaulted on it and I'm unclear of the obligation to actually supplement it
but if you if you want to ask me to do that then I'll do that I'm not asking that at all
I'm asking her directly that they haven't produced me documents to my discovery request
and I want them to admit that they refuse to answer them and you've just kept interrupting
me okay well I'm sorry I didn't mean to interrupt you I apologize that's not my intent and I
will go ahead and answer the question to thee since you can please right wow yeah it was
not hard to make that teenaged boy fall down that that was was really oh man I found that
a bit tough because it is like obviously the boiling over frustration sure like dealing
with this nonsense everyone there knows what's going on they're furious and and the the response
of Brad being like yeah this is everyone's doing the best they can I I'm sorry just I'm
sorry it's just kind of such a perfect button to end on kind of of these of these depositions
it's like no everyone is not doing the best job Brad Brad Brad Brad I mean he's their
lawyer I just you can't you can't be a fucking lawyer for a goddamn corporate representative
and come at me with what my mom would say if I got a C and my dad was pissed he's doing
his best shut the fuck up yeah unreal so I think we we I mean we're almost I mean probably
I mean including we're probably over four hours well yeah probably about that um unsurprising
so I think one of the one of the unfortunate things about this is that obviously there
is you know the Alex deposition is like three hours long and the Daria ones sit like five
hours long and you know there are things that we just obviously couldn't cover everything
right right so there are little other tidbits that are that are you know of interest and
obviously for someone like me it's like everything is it was catnip yeah there's yeah there's
a ton of stuff that I would sit you here for 12 hours and talk to you about you really
would if if I felt like it was an acceptable thing if you felt like you could survive the
encounter I don't think I could I think that your patients would wear thin right about
four hours and two minutes that's that's about where is that where we are now pretty close
I don't know so I I find I found these uh really illuminating in many ways I think I
think that obviously the the Daria one as a corporate representative is it's not as
funny as Dew maybe and maybe that's because Dew was wearing the Kangol hat yeah well and he seemed
scared he yeah I mean he he was much more scared and he also had kind of a an almost
laissez-faire attitude about it too of like hey if I know something I'll tell you but
if I don't know something I'm just gonna say I don't know man his fear and confusion made
it funny yeah whereas Daria's lack of preparation as clearly demonstrated yeah in the deposition
it didn't have the same humor and the things that were interesting about it were upsetting
terrifying things that she said were deeply deeply upsetting no no no no I I mean yeah
that's wow it's you know that okay it's like that psychopath test thing you know I'm sorry
to bring up John twice but it is like that story of you know like oh this this psychopath
goes to a funeral meet somebody cool and they're like how do you meet him again and the psychopath
thinks oh you kill somebody that you only meet them at funerals that is exactly what
I felt whenever Daria heard the email about Wolfgang fucking stalking people and she was
like oh it's nice to know somebody cares about you and he's committed you are terrified committed
reporter you are terrified passionate yeah it's it these answers are incredibly bizarre
and I think that certainly something that I wasn't as aware of before is the content
of some of those emails that are just deeply upsetting fucked up and the the relationship
between the times that like when these emails are getting sent when the harassment's being
done yeah when there's you know pretty strong indications of negligence and just ignoring
what what they're doing and who they're promoting yeah it just it just looks really bad no it
does not look good does not so I'm glad to be on the other side of this I'm glad that
now we can you know it's out in the open it is lovely it's a little bit of a weight off
my shoulders yeah you're not good with secrets no certainly not but I am proud of you know
not tipping the hand at all you should be it was I mean we're almost two months now
I know no it's I'm proud of you for for not tipping the hand but more proud of you for
doing it and all that stuff I'm not gonna compliment you please mark already did that
shit up top I'm just gonna say good work thanks Barnes yeah so hey I guess that that brings
us to the end of this but I think we may have another episode that's sort of deposition
ish next because of Alex going to the gym we'll see what happens yeah so we look forward
to that but until then we have a website we do it's knowledgefight.com yes we are also
on Twitter we are on Twitter it's at knowledge underscore fight not go to bed Jordan yeah
we'll be back but until then I'm Neo I'm Leo I'm DZX Clark I'm Daryl Rundis and now here
comes the sex robots Andy in Kansas you're on the air thanks for holding hello Alex I'm
a first-time caller I'm a huge fan I love your work I love you
