Andy in Kansas, you're on the air, thanks for holding.
Hello Alex, I'm a first time caller, I'm a huge fan, I love your work.
I love you.
Hey everybody, welcome back to Knowledge Fight, I'm Dan.
I'm Jordan!
We are a couple dudes who like to sit around and drink novelty beverages and talk a little bit about Alex Jones.
Is there a twist today, unspecific to the twists of yesterday?
Uh, pfft, I don't know what that is.
I don't know, I was trying to go with yesteryear and I was like, we haven't been doing this for-
Strange phrasing.
Yestermonth? I don't know, I got nothing.
Today's novelty beverage is red wine.
Hahahaha!
We are going back to our roots, the show originally was us drinking wine and talking about Alex Jones,
we had to settle that down for a little bit, but we wanted to go back to the roots!
Uh, and the reason was given to me by Dan as, we're gonna need to drink wine for this one.
We might need to brace ourselves, steal our reserves.
Right, right, right.
That's not the expression, but-
No.
Um, look, I think that we've been getting-
Steal our reserves.
You know, we got a lot of food squared away, we need to cover it in steel.
Right, and you know nothing about Alex Jones.
I don't know anything about Alex Jones.
Premise of the show, I know a lot about Alex Jones, Jordan over there does not know much about him.
I'm just excited we're drinking again.
Amen.
Uh, one of the reasons was I was listening back to our last episode and I realized I was way too mad about, uh,
the people who were posting the Bon Iver video meme of Alex Jones because-
You were very pissed.
I was right, but I was-
Hahahaha!
I was way too mad.
And I don't like that, I wanna- that's not what this show's supposed to be.
I don't wanna turn into some Alex Jones facsimile where I'm screaming and everybody's doing this wrong and all this.
Oh, that's true.
I felt really, like, self-conscious about it and I'm like, well, the only solution is let's get drunk.
Well, and I mean, I have actually been having the same kind of thoughts recently where it's like,
are we just becoming the anti-Alex Jones?
Like, there's been a couple of things where I've noticed, like, listening back, uh, it's like,
oh, that's exactly what he does.
But we don't build up false narratives for a specific purpose.
You know, like, I don't think we do that.
But we tear down false narratives for a specific purpose.
Which is-
So we're just the anti-Alex Jones.
We're tearing down those narratives for the sake of tearing them down because they're lies.
Right.
So I think it's okay-
We're like Reagan.
Right.
Tear down that lie wall.
Um, but, uh, to get back to that-
God, I hope David Hasselhoff closes out this episode.
He definitely will, he comes in on the money bomb.
Really? Okay.
Hahahaha!
So, uh, like, I want to also say that, like I said-
And now we have Baywatch star David Hasselhoff.
And, uh, D'Errico.
Donald D'Errico on backup vocals.
Um, I want to say that about that, uh, Bon Iver video, I'm totally right.
Uh, Alex Jones just announced-
That's twice we have confirmed Dan is right.
Uh, self-confirmed.
Well, Alex Jones, uh, just at the end of last week-
That's true.
He announced a $20,000 contest for people to make parody versions of this parody song about him.
Yep.
And that's what I'm saying he's going to do, that's what he does all the time with this shit.
No, you have been proven right, but, uh, you know, it's a little gauche to talk about it yourself.
You should've given me a little cue-
Calm down.
I would've been like, Dan, you're so right.
The reason I brought it up and maybe forced a self-congratulatory note is because I know exactly what the plan is for what this contest is going to achieve.
He's basically going to have all the- I mean, he's posted all the lyrics of the parody song on his website, on Infowars.com.
And what he's going to have people do, and the winner who ends up winning this $10,000 of the $20,000, because it's broken down, it's three prizes.
One for best parody, uh, that's $10,000.
Right.
$5,000 will be awarded to the person who films it in the weirdest- or best location.
Their video is in the- I don't know what that means.
My-
Congress?
Is that a-
I don't know.
Is that a way to avoid paying out that $5,000?
Probably.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So, but like, I know what he's going to do.
All the lyrics are there-
My sex dungeon is the weirdest location.
It's super weird.
Yeah, that's super weird, but I'm not giving you five grand for it.
It is a way that he is going to essentially get people to try and reinforce the lines in that song that people are making fun of.
Yeah.
So it'll be like, uh, we love our Somalis, and then, you know, flash up on the screen something about how Somalis kill people.
Yeah.
It's going to be a thing where he takes his propaganda and it's reinforced through the use of that parody song.
Right.
It's like, oh, they're making fun of all this stuff.
All of it's true.
They do want to eat babies.
Yeah.
Stuff like that.
And it's like, you guys are fighting a losing battle.
So, anyway, it's going to be a bummer.
But the good news is way less people will see that parody version than the Bon Iver version.
That's definitely true.
So there's something to be said for that.
I don't know.
Let's get into greener pastures and happy things. I'd like to give a shout out to a couple of new donators.
Oh, shit. A couple?
That's right. I'd like to give a shout out to our new friend, Rex. What's going on out there?
I'm a policy wonk.
Thank you for donating, Rex.
If you're Rex Tillerson, you have to let us know.
It's not. It's Rex.
How dare you, Rex Tillerson?
It's Rex from our favorite pro wrestling themed punk band, the Razor Ramones.
Alright, well then, never mind, Rex. I'm a huge fan of yours.
Yeah, you're the best Rex of the Rexes we've mentioned.
Also, I'd like to give a shout out to our other new donator. What's up, Anthony?
I'm a policy wonk.
Welcome aboard.
If that's Anthony Wiener, I'm just going to do this every single time you give a first name.
It's actually Anthony Kumiya, host of the fourth hour of the Alex Jones program periodically.
I don't know.
Anyway, Jordan, let's get things started.
I like the idea that Infowars employees actually stealth donate to us.
Just going like, please get us out of this. He won't let us leave.
He won't let us leave. Just take him down. Somebody.
Only you can destroy him.
Today, we're going to be going over Investigation, the eleventh installment of the Investigation,
where we go through 2015 and find out what the fuck happened to make Alex Jones go crazy.
And today, we'll be going through September 6th to September 17th.
This is, this is inexplicable, right?
Like, when did this, this started in June?
What, our, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Our investigation began June 15th, the day that Donald Trump announced his candidacy.
How is this still, how is this still going on? Shouldn't it be over by now?
It's very, I expected it to be.
Like, especially with his, his full on, like, now he's, he's going,
sovereignty, sovereignty, sir, blah, blah, blah, you know, that whole thing.
You mean in 2017?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Shouldn't he be, shouldn't he be on the train by now?
What's going on?
You'd think he would have made some sort of substantial move, and we just have not seen that yet.
No, not at all!
No, today we're going to be going over, like I said, September 6th to the 17th.
The reason that's important is the end of his big money bomb, which we've discussed,
and it's what I have speculated is the opportunity for bizarro money to come flowing into the show.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I think that might, I have speculated that might be the case. I don't know, we'll see.
So does he get into, like, a tube and a lot of one dollar bills kind of get vacuumed around him?
You know, like one of those shows?
The big air jets?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
It would be better.
He has to grab as many of them as he can in order to...
Not Larry Nichols, I know you have lung cancer, but get in the tube.
If you want your bills covered, get in the tube.
I don't know. It would be better.
That's way more fun than, don't give out ten thousand dollar prizes.
No.
Apply somebody out, put them in a tube, and throw one dollar bills at them the whole time.
That'd be perfect.
That'd be great.
I would be way more happy with that than ten grand.
I probably would, too, for the story, for the experience.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, of course.
Money's just money. You can't take it with you when you go.
And seeing as how we're all going in, like, ten to fifteen years max.
Oh, that seems high.
Oh, yeah.
But you know what? Before we go, before we die, everyone needs to listen to this out of context drop from Alex Jones.
God bless you, man. I'm sorry for your son.
They didn't get his soul, though.
And see, I don't know how that works when they brain damage a baby, and they never obtain full consciousness.
I guess that soul just ends up when they die going right to God, so in a way it's a reprieve.
I can't judge.
See, the globalists know a lot of this stuff.
I wonder if they wouldn't be killing, brain killing kids, soft killing them, mind killing them, if they thought they weren't still getting the soul, because that's what they really want.
So maybe they think when they're all brain damaged and get all crazed and then get older that they'll get smart enough to get corrupted and maybe possessed.
I don't know. I mean, I'm trying to figure out why these demons, from whatever dimension they come from, want to brain damage the kids.
Because I know God doesn't damn people to hell that never were conscious.
I don't know. It's just food for thought.
Food for thought.
Why is that food for thought?
I don't know.
Also, I love the mind killer reference to Gang Gang Dance. Everybody knows that.
I'm certain that's what it was.
Yeah, exactly. It's a great song.
Jordan, I completely fucked up.
I know. The Bon Iver video was great.
No, I forgot that I had another thing I wanted to discuss before we got into our main episode.
So guys, forgive me, but I have another clip that we need to listen to, because it's great.
Recently, I don't have permission to play this, but I'm going to anyway. I hope he doesn't sue me.
All right.
Recently, Jimmy Pardo on Never Not Funny had Tom Arnold as a guest.
And Tom Arnold had a very interesting story about some of the people that are involved in our universe.
Okay.
Alex Jones comes up in this clip.
Yeah.
Mike Cernovich comes up in this clip.
And alleged Nazi Jesse James comes up in this clip.
This, when I heard this...
Sandra Bullock, also alleged Nazi.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Come on.
When I heard this, I squealed with delight, and I want to play this.
For those of you out in the world who do not have Never Not Funny, don't get the episodes.
Please enjoy Tom Arnold being cool as shit.
Well, here's what happened. Here's last week.
This alt-right guy, white supremacist guy, challenges me to a fight.
He's like, oh, I'd go good. We'll do it for a charity, because I do these charity boxing matches.
I found my old rabbi who made 300 grand for Ben Teshuvah.
I go, I will fight you for money.
Good. We'll take your fans.
And then all of a sudden this guy named Jesse James horns in and says, I'll represent Mike Cernovich, is the guy's name.
Oh, that idiot.
Yeah, yeah.
And Jesse James goes, I will fight Tom Arnold as a pussy. I'll fight.
And I go, wait a minute.
Are you the Jesse James that cheated on his awesome wife with the stripper with the swastika tattoo and lost his family?
Because there's a lot of Jesse James out there. I don't know who's who. Apparently it was.
I go, oh, good. That'll be even better, because I know I'll kick your ass.
And by the way, that'll make us more money, so let's do this thing.
Okay.
And so then I get up. Joe Carter has a producer, director. He's helped set it up.
Like, this is really happening. We're going to do it at the Beverly Hilton.
We're going to make a million dollars to help Gold Star families and a post-traumatic stress organization.
It's great. It's great fun. And they go on that Infowars show with them and say I'm a pussy and whatever.
And they challenge me. I'm like, hey, they're promoting this. This is awesome.
And, you know, all his fans are kind of calling me names and this is just great, you know.
And then they puss out.
Why do they puss out, Tom?
Oh, because they realized that everything they do, like Jesse James now sells guns.
And that service guy, he wrote a book called Guerrilla Man or something.
Like, it's about, he says there's also this thing as day rape and, man, they're pussies now.
Everything they do, if they were on video getting their ass kicked by me, which wouldn't happen,
just like a rabbi, unfortunately, then everything they say means nothing.
And that's what will really happen. And so they would lose everything. So they wist out on that.
That's slightly different than the version that Mike Cernovich tells.
A little bit.
Also, I believe it way more.
Absolutely. Also, I'll tell you this, we get to use that clip, part of a headline to show that I was emceeing at Zany's.
And he talked shit about me for 20 minutes, so come at me, Pardo!
Sure. Alright, we got the implicit go-ahead.
Also, how great would that be if we just end up in some sort of bizarre feud about using a clip of Tom Arnold talking shit on Cernovich?
Ah, but I mean, there's a couple things in there that I fucking love, and that is that Tom Arnold does realize that Mike Cernovich,
going on Infowars and calling Tom Arnold a pussy after they had already agreed to have a celebrity boxing match,
is just another version of promotion. He gets it. He gets that.
Pro wrestling.
And he perfectly assesses why they couldn't follow through.
If Tom Arnold doesn't have his shit beat out of him, then, like you said, the whole game is over.
Even if it's close.
Like, oh.
Even if it's close, it's a disaster for Cernovich.
Imagine you got beat up by Tom Arnold. You got beat up by the star of The Stupids.
If I did, I wouldn't feel bad about it. It would probably be like, eh.
I would do it for the experience.
I probably would.
That would be fun.
Do I get to go into a money tube afterwards?
Anyway, I just like bringing... Yeah, you do.
His rabbi has that set up on the side of the stage.
Is that a stealth racist thing about Jews?
It wasn't, but now I realize it sounds bad. Oh well.
Anyway, I just like to bring up any time in pop culture we get evidence that these dudes are wack as fuck.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Behind the scenes, they had already agreed to it, is what his point is.
And then they back out. That is the most beta cuck move you can do.
Especially Mike Cernovich challenging him and then getting biker Jesse James to stand in for him.
Right.
I use you as tribute.
Right, right, right.
Whatever, yeah.
Like some sort of Game of Thrones shit.
He wasn't calling the mountain, you know.
Yeah, exactly.
So, let's get to the episode, Jordan.
Yes, let's do it.
We've had our fun, now let's get shit-faced and talk shit.
Yeah.
We're going to start on September 6th.
And that is a Sunday show, so we know that Alex Jones likes to launch soft narratives on his Sunday shows.
And I feel like we've done a decent job of saying where we left off.
The money bomb is coming up. Alex Jones is clearly needing money at the end of the fiscal year.
He needs to try and raise a million dollars.
And at this point, he has only said basically that he likes what Trump is saying, but he doesn't trust him.
Still loves Rand Paul.
Yeah.
There we go. We're up to speed.
This September 6th, we're going to start exactly how Alex Jones starts the show.
Every day I start the broadcast and I'm just honest with you.
Wow, we got a lot of news.
And usually I cover about 20% of it.
That is honest.
Some days I cover 60, 70% of it.
Every once in a while I cover 90-something percent of it.
Nope.
Usually you cover about...
Days, one of the days, I really should cover all of it.
Eight percent of it?
Maybe. Maybe eight.
Yeah. Maybe eight headboxes.
Because when you look at this world, there are two types of people when you boil it all down.
There's different subgroups, but there's dogs and there's cats.
All right. Well, kill yourself.
And I got this article right here at the National Post.
Your cat doesn't love you, scientific studies show.
I don't need a scientific study to show me that my cat, and I do have one cat and two dogs, does not love me.
Because no animal has ever loved you.
It only wants to pretend I'm its mother and make biscuits on my stomach in an infantile manner.
But it could care less if I fell down and died tomorrow.
It doesn't have anxiety when I'm gone, except it wants to bitch and gripe and ask for food.
It wants a free handout.
My dogs on the other hand would basically die and have heart attacks if something happened to me.
And that's clear.
And it's that spiritual connection.
It's that honorableness of the dog, which isn't perfect, but it has honor.
Silly and ignorant, but has guts and guts is enough, is why I'm a dog person and not a cat person.
Great.
What was that?
And people out there think they're getting ahead being cat people.
Oh, it's still going?
Folks that think they're getting ahead not caring about other folks.
You think you're cool, only caring about yourself.
You're an idiot.
Yeah.
It's like people that get in a hot tub and take a crap.
And I hate to be gross here, but you think of getting away with it.
Go to the bathroom.
Who are you hanging out with?
And you're crapping on everyone else, you're crapping on yourself.
And these are just elementary understandings here.
Cats are not pack animals unless you look at lions in Africa and they still feed on each other.
Unless you look at the cats who are pack animals.
Dogs are creatures of honor, first and foremost.
Amen.
Amen.
If I had to have an archetypal totem animal, it would be the dog.
No.
Cats are cute.
Cats are funny.
But make no mistake, they won't be there for you when you're in a jam.
And if somebody comes in your house and attacks you, they're not going to stand up for you.
Dogs will.
You don't hear about cops going to people's houses and shooting their cats, do you?
It's the dog because they're not cowards.
Even if they're little or they're big, they stand up because they love you.
And our society is imploding because we're becoming a cat society, not a dog society.
So this is Alex Jones trying to make a point about the world,
while at the same time trying to work out some material for a weekend he's doing in a shitty club.
I was going to say, this is a shitty 80s hack bit, right?
Yeah, basically.
Y'all know the difference between dogs and cats.
Yeah, man.
Cats on one side, they be like this.
Yeah.
Yeah, you said it.
Dogs over here, they be walking like this.
Oh, man, that's the truth.
Oh, God, I love Def Jam.
That's the truth.
I love Def Jam comedy.
That is like, that is terrible hacky nonsense.
Yeah.
And look, I got a cat.
I know she doesn't really love me, but we have a complicated kind of love.
You know, that's how cats and dogs are.
Dogs are simple.
Cats are complex.
There we go.
I don't know.
Now I'm getting into a hacky bit.
Yeah, damn, there's two kinds of people in the world.
Oh, boy.
People who explain their love.
I don't know.
Who cares?
I got nothing for that.
That's dumb.
That's just dumb.
But that, I think, is an indication of how Alex often does, like, the Sunday shows are
low stakes for him.
Yeah.
He knows that not many people are watching, and so he just kind of fills time a lot of
the Sunday shows.
So why not start off the show with a five-minute riff about why don't cops kill cats when they
come to your house?
I forgot.
This is how he's starting the show.
Right out of the gate.
Right out of the gate.
Right out of the gate.
Look, sometimes I feel like I got to get into all of this news today.
Right.
He's talking about dog and cat people.
Yeah.
So he doesn't stay on that theme for very long, but he...
Now, does he feel the same way about dog chimeras and cat chimeras?
Interesting.
I don't know.
Do they take on the property?
This is a very good, this is groundbreaking questions for Alex.
Next week I'll call him to the show.
Do the animals take on the properties, or do the people take on the properties of the
animal that they're chimerad with?
I think they would have to.
Do you?
Yeah, I mean, there's got to be some sort of genetic influence from the host animal.
Yeah, but the fish people have, you know, sad human eyes.
You don't know that fish aren't sad all the time.
That could be a...
We have no idea about the psychology of fish.
I don't know.
They are pack animals.
I don't know if fish are sad all the time.
So Alex does not stay on this theme.
That would be a really depressing thing.
Scientists reveal that fish are all depressed all the time.
They're bummed out.
They like the flakes, but nothing else.
So Alex doesn't stay on this theme for very long.
He does...
Have you seen any cops killing your fish?
That's a good point.
He does get weird.
There's a couple of things he says on this show that I think are indefensibly weird.
And I don't think...
I don't think if pressed he could explain what the fuck he's talking about.
And here is the first of those clips.
And then they write books like Ecoscience and Bertrand Russell writes books from the
30s right through the 80s and the 90s bragging about it.
These people think they're gods and they say the public doesn't care.
We must have the right to do it.
You see...
Like you say...
At a spiritual, intergalactic level, at an interstellar level, there are rules just written
on the universe by God.
And if you don't protest something, if you don't say no to it, then you are acquiescing
and accepting it.
That's really weird.
On an interstellar level...
Intergalactically.
Intergalactic level.
I apologize.
Both.
He uses both of those words.
How do we feel about McConaughey?
He's great.
God wrote that rule on the universe.
McConaughey is pretty cool.
Just keep living.
Amen.
That's what we do here.
Yeah.
That's super bizarre.
He's basically expressing the belief that if you don't fight back against something,
you consent to it.
Yeah.
And I don't disagree with him.
I disagree with how he wants to direct that.
But he's denying the Nuremberg, the Nuremberg defense, basically.
How so?
Well, the idea that I was just taking orders is not an actual defense towards you putting
Jews into a concentration camp.
Right.
You know?
So, he is right.
And it's something that I've talked about, or I talked about recently, which is every
day that I'm not protesting the mistreatment of black people by fucking everything, I am
–
The police in particular.
Yeah.
I am implicitly consenting to allowing this kind of worldview to exist.
I think it's a little more complicated than that.
Well, that's because you're a cat person.
I don't think that there are universal rules and galactic rules that were written by God,
especially in the way that he's presenting it.
Because what he's saying is that these globalists, like Bertrand Russell and the eco-science
he references –
Yeah, I like how he's really bringing up the recent references.
You know, Bertrand Russell writing in the 30s.
Right.
And John P. Holdren's textbook Eco-Science, which you've discussed in the past, does
not say the things that it says.
He's saying that they are putting this out there.
They're giving the information of what they're doing to you.
And if you don't fight back, then you just accept it.
And that's cockamamie because he's lying about what those things say.
Yeah.
Eco-Science, the textbook, doesn't say that they're putting things in the water.
It doesn't say that they're trying to dumb down the population.
It has nothing to do with that stuff.
It's a fucking textbook.
And they just – we've been over it.
It doesn't matter.
Yeah.
Ugh, I hate him.
Anyway.
I'm still mad about the dog and cat thing.
I'll tell you that.
I couldn't even listen to that.
Listen, that might have been pretty weird.
Also, I'm telling you, Interstellar, the plot mechanics are not great.
Okay.
Great.
Save it for when you're on DougLovesMovies.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
We gotta get a lot more listeners before that happens.
Maybe.
Next time he's at the Rosemont or whatever.
There we go.
Anyway, that clip was weird.
But I'm telling you, this next clip is much weirder.
I might have oversold how weird that clip is.
I think it's fucking very weird that he believes that there's Interstellar rules.
That's very weird to me.
This next clip is very – I think it's undeniably weird.
Okay.
And they think that people lining up to get their new iPhone, that's technology.
No, that's 50-year-old crap.
Exactly.
The true technologies, they have it.
The true technologies are mind and are genetics that every scientist that's in genetic engineering
understands isn't even of this world.
We're made in the image of the creator that made this planet.
We predate this planet.
The elite all know that.
They're just there dumbing the public down to not get it.
We're not seeking after the elves.
We are the elves.
And they know that.
They can't stand it.
They want to keep you from that knowledge.
They're aware of what we are.
They want to play God while we run around watching NFL.
That's what the joke is.
Yes.
I don't have any favorite idol.
My idol is myself to tell you the truth.
My idol is human ingenuity and going to the stars and fulfilling God's destiny.
My idol is my dear.
And that's what we need to show our children and try and reach as many people as we can.
I agree with you.
God bless you.
I got to jump.
But this is not an elite that would put stuff in vaccines to lower our IQ and put fluoride
in the water to lower our IQ.
An elite doesn't seek to dumb people down.
Let's say the elite are some alien species.
I'm not saying that, but let's just hypothetically.
What type of elite alien species wants to dumb down a planet and make people a bunch
of retarded idiots?
I mean, you know what?
You're not my God.
A real God wants to build me up and give me Promethean fire.
Not control me.
Do you not know that goddamn reference?
No, no, no.
You are not God.
You are fallen degenerate scum standing in the way of the true creation that dominates
you.
They hate humanity.
They hate honor.
They hate beauty.
They hate creativity because we are their God.
You understand that?
The elite cannot stand true humanity.
They will go to hell before they capture anything.
They're a joke.
They're only there to provide us with the stress to make us go to the next level.
Let's get that straight to your heads that they are fallen.
They are failed.
They are scum.
So let them play their games.
Let them win for the season.
We win for eternity.
Praise Jesus Christ.
I mean, you're getting so hardcore today, but I prayed last night at like 10 o'clock
at night.
I said, God, just let me tell the truth.
I am tired of backing down to these people.
I'm tired of watching them have their way with humanity.
Just turn me loose and turn humanity loose.
Amy in Tennessee, you're on the air.
Man.
Man oh man.
Amy in Tennessee, you are on the air.
That is smooth as silk.
Wow.
So what do you think about that?
Humans predate the earth.
Well, yeah.
I think most Christians believe that, right?
I don't think so.
I don't think that's nowhere near any kind of Christianity, right?
That's not anywhere near anything outside of like the weirdest theosophy, like the weirdest
pseudo spiritualism.
I mean, I guess there is a little bit on the seventh day God rested and then he went back
to the negative first day and he was like, well, I might as well create humans here too.
I mean, why not?
It goes into a little bit of like vaguely Gnostic beliefs.
There is a tiny bit of the idea of like pieces of your spirit predate humanity, that sort
of thing.
Little bit of Tolkien.
Sure.
Little bit of elves.
We're not...
And a little bit of internet message board Illuminati talk.
That goes back to a lot of that stuff.
And the idea that he presents that these globalists, all they're there for is to be a challenge
for us to get to the next level.
That's a fairly common belief within Christianity though, that idea that this life is a test.
Right, but it also goes to the ideas that have been pitched on internet message boards
about the Illuminati.
So with all of the bullshit that we deal with, every time he gets into that weird religious
aspect, he just has so much more of a ring of truth to him.
When he's saying we're not seeking the elves, we are the elves, it feels like he believes
that.
Right.
Like all of the...
And that's speaking in parable.
Yeah.
And that's like, if you guys understand, you get it.
You way get it.
Yeah.
You maybe get it too much.
I wonder if he's talking about the DMT machine elves.
You know when people take DMT, they often see machine elves.
I don't know what that means at all.
Dimethyltryptamine is a substance that you can take, it's a very powerful hallucinogen,
and you can smoke it.
And when you do, a lot of people...
I don't know what the percentages are, and I haven't taken it myself.
A lot of people report that you...
Well, we started drinking wine, so I suppose the next episode we're gonna have to do DMT.
I'm in.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It lasts for like ten minutes and we could never record on it.
You can't move, you're just hallucinating so hard.
Maybe you can move a little, who cares?
But a lot of people report that they see elves working gears and machinery.
And some people have speculated that behind the veil of reality, like DMT allows you to
see beyond the...
Pierce the veil.
Yeah, yeah.
They see that there are elves who are working the machinery of reality that create whatever
we see in our reality.
Well that's obvious, though.
Where else would we get cookies?
Those trees.
Those trees that have elf factories.
Look, let's not go any further down this road.
Let's try and stay on topic.
We're still in the sixth.
You've already established that we're doing an eight and a half hour long episode.
Never drinking wine on the show ever again.
This is already off the rails.
So on the sixth, Alex Jones does a lot of that weird stuff.
And then in addition to that, we start to see this creeping pro-Russia stance.
Oh, we're starting to see it now.
Well no, we've already seen the beginnings of it starting to develop.
Right, right, right.
No, but that was more like pro-strong man.
Russia is male.
Pro-a-man-taking-bah.
Yeah.
That whole thing.
We're starting to see a little bit more of it.
And here's what he has to say about Russia and Assad.
And then we see the shocking images of a drowned Syrian boy show tragic plight of refugees.
Our government five years ago launches Al-Qaeda in Syria, kills 300,000 of these innocent
people.
And then when Russia and Syria fight back, we call them terrorists.
And our own media says that quote, take out Assad, that'll stop ISIS when that's the group
attacking.
And they show a dead little two year old toddler in the sand, but they won't show them.
Fuck you.
Tens of thousands of dead babies that I've seen online.
Fuck you.
And you've seen online that were killed by Western backed rebels in Syria.
So they create the crisis and then say, look, a dead baby.
Yeah, look.
So that's crazy.
Compare that.
Compare that bullshit fake empathy with when somebody, like when a terrorist attack happens
and he revels in all of the people who died saying, look at how right I am.
And then he pretends to give a fuck about that.
Uh, no, no, he doesn't get to own both empathy and, and complete sociopathy.
That doesn't count.
Fair.
That's a fake voice.
Oh yeah.
That's a fake bullshit.
Oh yeah.
No, I'm not cool with that.
Well, are you cool with the fact that he's saying that basically Russia and Assad are
the good guys?
Well, of course.
Okay.
Well, actually, you know, uh, that was the sixth and then on the seventh is labor day.
So he doesn't have a show on labor day.
They just do a rerun show.
Uh huh.
Uh, and so, you know, no need to dwell on that.
I'm glad he supports union holidays.
Well, I think he actually, I'm sure that he loves the free market and prosperity so much
that he has to be like, well, thank God we have a day to celebrate union.
He does actually make a little bit of a point of that.
Oh really?
Yeah.
I got to celebrate this union holiday, got to give my people a day off.
Anyway, uh, we come back on the eighth and uh, guess what?
He's still on his bullshit about Russia being the good guys, but as you can see, I'm particularly
crazed today because this is the reality of what's happening.
And then I look at all the other news, all the other things that are happening.
U S demands Greece close airspace to Russian humanitarian aid for Syria when they're only
flying them in food and Russia is doing us a favor trying to keep all the refugees from
coming here.
See, I mean, that's not to, that's not to say that that in and of itself is an evil
thing to say.
It's not wrong to say that Syria does or Russia does some good things, some bad things, but
we're seeing a pattern developing over the course of early September of just outright
Russia's the good guys, we're the bad guys.
And it's really bizarre.
It's really bizarre considering Alex Jones has passed, he has, but as we've discussed,
he played into so much Russophobia in his early career.
And the last time Russia did us a favor was in world war two.
That's that was the very last time.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I don't know.
I don't know what to make of it.
It is really interesting that, uh, if we look at the timeline of the world, it seems like
summer fall of 2005 is when something 2015.
Yeah.
Excuse me.
Yeah.
2015 is when something really fucked up happened.
Yeah.
I think that that might be the branching point when our world could have gone one way or
the other and we went the wrong way.
That's our dark timeline.
It just so happens that that's when, uh, Alex Jones is starting to warm to Trump, happens
to be saying tons of positive shit about Russia and Assad on his show.
I don't know.
I don't have a conclusion, but it's weird.
The thing that I think about pretty consistently is what's the balance between Putin taking
advantage of a situation and Putin instigating the situation, right?
So all of these guys right now in 2015 are just starting to be like, well, look at this
strong man doing shit right now.
How much of that is Russian propaganda seeping out and then Putin gone or you know, if not
Putin himself directly, but his, his circle of oligarchs, um, saying this is something
we can take advantage of and how much is directly his like, look at what I did like that kind
of a shit.
I think as it relates to Alex, it's, he's taking in like RT and Sputnik and he's getting
the Russian line as the truth because it's more appealing to him.
He has this idea that it's a masculine culture and that they've kicked out the globalists
and therefore their media is obviously much more reliable than ours.
Ours is just full of propagandists and CIA plants that are in the media.
And so he just has no reason to doubt things that come from their, their outlets.
It's mind boggling to try and see through these people's eyes.
It's very weird.
It seems it's, it could not be more obvious that RT is a state controlled media outlet
even more so only shows what the state wants you to see.
Yeah.
Like it can't be more obvious.
So how can you not catch it?
I don't know.
The way is you don't want to, well, yeah, yeah, you're, you're absolutely right.
It doesn't fit with what you, I, I, I mean, I do understand though, because if you've
built your entire life, like if you're Alex Jones at, in 2015 he's 40 ish, maybe, maybe
a hundred.
Who knows?
He's timeless.
His soul has migrated and he's talking with his ancestors and blah, blah, blah.
So you've built your entire life around this ethos and just like you said, we have this,
we have this splitting point, dark timeline versus the light timeline, wherein either
all of these people really confront themselves and say, what I've believed for the longest
length of time is wrong or they doubled down.
They doubled down.
And of course they doubled down.
Well, at least in the case of Alex, certainly.
I don't, I can't speak to whatever is happening with political figures and shit like that,
but in terms of Alex, yeah, he's like, oh.
I would actually say that the, the entire politics of 2015 was the, the firm cementing of there
will never be a shared reality again.
Oh, totally.
Like it started, it started when Fox News started.
Fuck off man.
It started like Reagan, probably.
You know what?
You're absolutely right.
I don't know if it was even before that.
That was when the billionaire campaign of lobbying really took off.
Yeah.
But, but that I feel like is whenever it's like, this is how it's going to be forever.
Yeah.
I, I agree that it's where things ramped up to a, to a horrifying extent.
Yeah.
I think it's because, uh, people realized that, uh, election was coming up and they
realized that, uh, it was win or lose at that point.
Yeah.
And the trends in society that we could see were like, well, if something doesn't happen,
Democrats are never going to lose another election because that's just the way society
is going.
Yeah.
People are becoming more progressive.
People are becoming more accepting, more opening.
Uh, and that is what the Democratic party largely represents, especially over the Republican
party.
And unless a third of viable party were to exist, uh, there doesn't seem like there's
any shot there.
And the GOP really embraced it because they were the ones who realized that the only way
we win elections is to lean into being the white supremacist party.
Because if you look at that, uh, the, uh, GOP autopsy that they did on the 2012 election,
it was all about, we need to return back to the big tent.
We need to expand.
We need to, uh, find more Latino voters.
We need to do all of this stuff.
And they took none of that advice and didn't need to and didn't need to because they gerrymandered
the hell out of it.
Exactly.
And purged voter rolls, blah, blah, blah.
They went straight to white supremacy.
Yeah.
And, uh, God bless him.
I don't know.
I don't know.
No.
God bless him because they give us something to fight back against.
They are the Illuminati of how we grow.
That's how we grow as people.
So on the eighth, Alex Jones has a long interview that in genetic memory.
That's also how it grows.
How you learn, uh, Anthony Gucci already comes in for a really long interview about how great
their products are and about how terrible immigrants are.
There's they're trying to, they're, they're, they're hitting both at the same time.
They're trying to scare people about the immigrant waves that are going to come while simultaneously,
you know, being like, all our products are fucking awesome.
They're spending way more time on the show trying to sell stuff like, uh, you know, we
have these periodic visits from Dr. Group who comes in for like these hour long sessions
and now we're seeing like Anthony Gucci already is on almost every day doing something to
try and sell product.
And that is not, uh, that is not unremarkable.
It's part of the lead up to the money bomb.
Money bomb.
Yeah.
In some world we exist in, it's going to ramp up and ramp up hard.
Yeah.
So the, uh, after that, Alex Jones has an interview with John McAfee who created McAfee
McAfee.
The McAfee.
Yes.
The guy who infects every windows computer with junkware.
Uh, that'd be him.
Uh, he's also the guy who may or may not have murdered his neighbor in South America.
Wait, what?
I don't know if this is the case.
His neighbor wound up dead and he fled, uh, he was living down South, uh, the border.
And, uh, his neighbor ended up dead and he was being pursued by the police for questioning.
I don't, I don't know if he did it.
I don't, I have no idea, but I do know that he fled and then his house burned down.
I don't know.
Wait, and then his house burned down?
As I understand the timeline, yes.
I admit I haven't done a ton of research into it, but McAfee is a wild dude.
He's a wild dude.
McAfee did that shit.
I'm not ready to say that.
That's on you, man.
That's on you.
McAfee is the O.J. of, uh, computer software.
And weird goatees.
Never seen his face.
Uh, he has a weird goatee.
Good for him.
So McAfee is on and Alex is trying to get the exclusive out of him that he's running
for president.
John McAfee.
And Alex is super excited about it because McAfee has a deep libertarian past and what
have you.
Right.
And anybody who-
Like a lot of those software giants too.
Sure.
All of those guys have a full-on, like, we're gonna build our own utopia out of Uber.
Why not?
If you can create a world online, why couldn't you create a world in the real world?
That's a good point.
So Alex is super excited about it because anyone who pays attention to Alex would make
a great president, obviously.
So he's trying, like, McAfee is being like, his whole storyline is, my aides, they went
out and they filed paperwork for me to run for president.
Yeah.
I don't know if I'm gonna run for president.
Yeah.
And Alex is like, are you giving us the exclusive?
Are you gonna announce here on Infowars that you're running for president?
And he's like, I can give you the exclusive that they filed some papers.
Like, fuck you, man.
That's really not a great exclusive.
He keeps being like, if I run, I'm gonna win.
Well, then why don't you run?
He didn't run and he didn't win.
But in the middle of their interview, Alex Jones says this, and it really troubles me.
That's why I like Ted Nugent is he's real and I know nothing against the NRA.
They used to be really bad 10 years ago.
Now they're really good.
We've got to radicalize the liberty movement because we face a radical globalist threat.
Milk toasting it won't beat it.
I really am scared of that mentality because all of his...
That's exactly what he did.
Because all of his stuff is based on lies and fear.
It's not based on reality.
So he perceives an extreme enemy that he's up against, and therefore it's okay for him
to radicalize his base, which is essentially what terrorists do.
Yeah, that's exactly what terrorists do.
I mean, the thing is ISIS has a better argument than he does for radicalizing their base.
With stopping short of advocating anything ISIS does, looking at it purely just on a
logic basis, their argument does make more sense.
They're fighting a real enemy.
Their desired goals are terrible, and those don't make sense, but the idea of fighting
back certainly does.
Oh, of course.
Especially in their situation.
And the idea of extreme measures.
Imagine if we had a terrorist group that was fighting against an imaginary enemy.
Without explosives, we do.
We do.
We absolutely do.
It's the liberty movement.
Yeah.
That was radicalized partly by Alex Jones.
Partly.
I mean, he's the most mainstream voice of the people who radicalize them.
Behind the scenes there are tons of those websites and shit.
Like there's a whole Byzantine network of monsters out there, but yeah, he does.
He's responsible for a lot of terrible shit.
In the end of this episode we get a phone call from Old Man House Phone.
He calls back in.
I love me some Old Man House Phone.
I did not pull a clip from it because it's boring, but he wants to talk to John McAfee
about guns.
That's fun.
It's just important to point out whenever House Phone calls in.
So, we move on to the tenth.
Hold on.
Let me back up real quick.
I'm sorry, the ninth.
I think I've forgotten.
Has Rappaport showed up?
No.
John Rappaport is not in the mix.
Rappaport is still not in the mix.
Not in the mix.
And I'll tell you, to the end of this, past the money bomb, still not there.
Still not in the mix.
No.
Let's move on, Jordan, to September ninth.
On this show, Alex Jones is very obsessed with a story out of Pittsburgh, where a gentleman,
he runs a barber shop, and he got fined $750 for refusing to cut the hair of a lady who
came in, because it's a dude's barber shop.
Alex is furious about this.
Like barber shop, like the movie barber shop, or barber shop like a white dude in a small
town?
Second one.
There we go.
I was going to say, I doubt the first one showing up on Infowars.
No.
He went in to the shop and they said, we are not going to get, you can't get him in here.
And so she was like, all right, I'm going to complain about this.
And he got fined $750.
Alex Jones presents it as, hey, these guys just don't have the technology to cut ladies
hair.
You know, like they don't know how to do it.
And there's a reasonable point to be made there.
But if you actually look into the story, you can find that this dude is basically running
the man show out of a barber shop and his reason for not wanting to like serve a woman
who came in was less about, I don't know how to cut your hair and it was more predicated
on this is where dudes go to hang out.
He ends up calling in and they have an interview on a later show where he's like, men come
in here to have a beer and make jokes and fart and they can't do that if ladies are
in here.
I'm like, you should have gotten fined.
Yeah.
Don't call yourself a business then.
Call yourself a clubhouse.
Like, right.
What are you doing?
Yeah.
That mentality.
Put your shit up in a tree, you idiot.
What is this?
The little rascals?
What's happening?
Absolutely.
But the reason that Alex Jones has a leg to stand on in terms of his complaints is that
he doesn't really necessarily believe that businesses should have to serve everybody.
Yeah.
That's true.
I believe that based on his libertarian beliefs, if pressed, he would say that a business could
deny service to African Americans if they wanted to.
And the free market would sort it out.
Right.
Exactly.
Even though it has been conclusively proven for all of time that the free market would
not sort it out.
And the last great example of that was, of course, Chick-fil-A.
Yeah.
Did not work out.
Yeah.
Didn't do shit.
But that is what is behind his sort of support of this barbershop and it's super whack if
you actually look at the details, but who cares?
It's more interesting to me if the guy really just doesn't know how to cut ladies' hair
and that was his excuse for it.
Like if his defense in court was like, dude, I never actually went to school.
I don't know how to cut this lady's hair.
I'm just going to fuck up her hair.
Yeah.
Then I'd be like, oh, yeah, fair.
I mean, that's borderline reasonable.
But his position is not.
No.
So something way more important- This is only where I cut hair of dicks.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Something way more important happens on the September 9th show.
Yeah.
That day, or the day before, Donald Trump came out and said some stuff about immigrants
and Alex Jones has a very strong response to it and it might not be what you expect.
We're going to go out to break with Donald Trump saying we've got to accept the immigrants.
He tells the truth about these Arab countries and African countries won't take them, but
he says that we've got to because we have the moral high ground.
The whole world's collapsing into depression.
We can't take billions of people, especially if they're put on welfare.
This is suicide.
Let's go to the clip.
Well, it's a serious problem.
We haven't seen anything like it since the Second World War and it's getting worse and
worse.
And I was actually impressed in one way, but surprised that Merkel in Germany allowed this
to happen because they're really flowing through all over Europe.
And if you notice, Russia is not taking and China is not taking and the Gulf States, whether
you look at Saudi Arabia or Qatar or any of them, they're taking none.
But some of them are and some of them are actually being very generous.
It just really, I wonder, you know, where all the really Donald being generous with
the Germans that pay some of the highest taxes in Europe or the French that pay 84% on average
for people to come in and get put on welfare.
I mean, you read the scams that third world immigrants run all across the place, Somalis
up in Minnesota, Afghans in Germany.
I mean, they just don't pay the taxes.
They don't they do whatever they want.
They run black market operations and they get welfare.
And then, oh, I want to commend Merkel.
She's so generous.
Hey, Trump, shut your fat mouth, you punk.
I knew you'd start flip.
My gut told me something.
How about you give your five billion dollars to him?
OK.
Holy shit.
I'm telling you, man, he was against abortion, then he was for it, then he was against it,
all the rest of it.
He loves Hillary Clinton.
Whoa.
Wow.
Is that intense?
So this is this is bizarre.
That is wild.
Yeah.
Alex Jones has taken an anti Donald Trump stance on September 9th, 2015.
That's more like vitriol.
That's more passion.
He called him a punk.
Yeah.
Once you shut your fat mouth.
Yeah.
That's more interested.
Like that's exactly what he said to Schiff.
He just didn't say, fill your hand.
Yeah.
Goddamn cocksucker.
Yeah.
Well, like that is more passionate than all of the stuff he said about his mob ties.
Absolutely.
Like that in the past episodes we've gone over.
That's super bizarre.
Yeah.
That I don't know what to make of that.
In the moment Trump is not a white supremacist.
Wow.
Yeah.
How?
What?
Mm hmm.
How are we still doing?
It should be over by now.
Totally.
What?
There's so many goddamn twists and turns.
Yeah.
So on this show after this, he has an interview with the sheriff, the guy who's he's not the
sheriff.
Just the sheriff like a like a Cormac McCarthy character.
He has an interview with the judge whose eyes are burning fire.
He has an interview with a guy who's running for sheriff in Houston.
Okay.
And this guy is nuts.
He says that he thinks that Obama is creating racial strife in order to cancel the 2016
elections.
Uh, spoiler alert, he does not win the election for sheriff.
Goddamn it.
If, ah, oh man.
If Obama had just canceled him.
Mm.
Mm.
Man.
Good stuff.
Yeah.
Good stuff.
We'd have to deal with the militia uprising, but I think that would be easier.
We'd have to get the revolution out of the way pretty quick and then just moved on.
Band-aid coming on.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
Uh, so after that, and he has an interview with Ted Nugent, the nudge calls in, he put
up the nudge signal on the past day when he was talking to John McAfee.
You heard that in the little clip there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He's like, I was just honest.
He's real.
He's like, I haven't talked to the nudge in a while.
So he gets nudge to call in and he talks about how his show on the sportsman channel has
been canceled and it's because everybody's afraid of guns.
Everybody's got the best ratings ever, and I don't think any of that's true.
I think it's just a convenient way for them to play victim about the Second Amendment.
Yeah.
And it's very boring, so.
Like it's hard for them to find an excuse to play victim about the Second Amendment.
Yeah.
Also, I would like to wonder, what is, why was Alex saying that ten years ago the NRA
was very bad and now it's very good?
Oh, because they weren't that extreme about the Second Amendment.
They had gone into a period where they were sort of kowtowing to anti-gun interests and
they'd be like, well, maybe you don't need semi-automatics.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe that is reasonable.
And because of these other people, these more extreme gun groups, the NRA got molded into
a more extreme organization.
And Alex believes that gun people should be on the offensive.
And actually, he has an interview later on.
Man, hearing that sentence does not make me feel good.
Gun people should be on the offensive is the problem with America.
It's pretty scary.
He later has an interview with a guy who runs a, like, Citizens for Gun Rights organization
that Ted Nugent was involved with, and it's a little bit scary and they make some very
false claims.
But we'll deal with that a little bit down the road.
So on the 9th, Alex had that thing where he called Trump a punk.
Yeah.
Then on the 10th, Trump backpedaled a little bit on his, man, maybe the immigrants, maybe
we don't have to take as many.
And Alex is like, wow, good, he's backpedaling.
But he was just mad because he changed his mind about stuff.
His pure anger was about the fact that he flip-flops on dumb positions.
And he's like, I called it all along, I knew there was a reason not to trust you.
And then whenever he changed his mind again, he's like, well, okay, now we're back on board.
Yeah, he's backpedaling, that's good.
It's very weird.
Wow.
It's super bizarre.
That's bananas.
So on this episode on the 10th, he has Mark Dice, he has a video where Mark Dice goes
out to the streets and tries to get people to sign a petition to ban the sale of the
Bible on Amazon.
And it barns a noble.
God damn it.
Mark Dice is the worst.
Yeah, but here's the thing.
A lot of people sign it, but you can tell, again, it's a thing where they're like, fine,
fuck, I'll just sign it, leave me alone.
But then beyond that, based on free market, based on Alex Jones' sort of libertarian beliefs,
you should be able to not sell the Bible.
Yeah, if you can refuse service to a lady getting a haircut, you should be able to refuse
selling the Bible.
Yeah, I don't understand where the line between your belief in religious supremacism and libertarian,
like where is the, like, what is more important to you, religious baiting or your principles,
your phony ass principles?
It's insane.
So Mark Dice almost gets into a fight with a guy on the street.
All right, now I'm in, now I'm way in.
Some guy is, like, really mad at him because he's trying to ban the Bible, and, but again,
it's not ban the Bible, it's just don't sell it on Amazon or at Barnes and Noble.
Wait, so, so somebody got really mad at him.
Yeah.
Why did they leave it in the fucking clip?
Because the guy gets really mad at him and he's like, no, no, no, hey, hey, look, I'm
doing a hidden camera show.
We're trying to point out that people are stupid for signing this, and the guy's like,
I don't believe you, fuck off.
And then Mark Dice chases him down and is like, no, man, no, no, no, you get it.
Look, the camera's right over there.
It's so desperate and sad.
Wow.
Yeah, it's awful.
That's pathetic.
Yeah, Mark Dice is the worst.
That's really sad.
Alex Jones tells a story about harassing a lady at the hike and bike trail because she
had a bumper sticker he didn't approve of, which is nonsense.
That's better than elves are we are elves.
I'm just giving you a rundown of stuff because, like, we can't possibly cover everything.
No, no.
But man, that one was, that one was wild.
It's like, I don't, I don't.
We've already spent an hour and a half on two clips.
I don't believe the story about harassing this lady at the hike and bike trail.
I think it's made up, but even in his made up story, he's still a dick.
What is he doing at the hike and bike trail?
He's there all the time.
What?
He's taking his kids there all the time.
Oh, okay.
He tells stories about the hike and bike trail at least every third episode.
Well, maybe he's not a terrible father.
Maybe.
Give him his kids back.
When he was, he has some, he has some custody.
When he was telling that story about the immigrants who were fishing and cooking the fish outside,
that was at the hike and bike trail.
That was at the hike and bike trail.
Okay.
He later gets an ear infection from, uh, from the hike and bike trail.
Yeah, from the lake at the hike and bike trail.
You miss his two days of work because of it.
But he uses it as an opportunity to sell, uh, uh, Silver Bullet, his colloidal silver
product.
Oh, okay.
Even though.
Dude, at this point, when you say he uses it as an opportunity to sell Silver Bullet,
I'm halfway like, does he think, does he think werewolves are real?
He might.
So we're, we're in the 10th, uh, and werewolves are the original chimera.
Alex Jones has a lot of really bad stuff in the next couple of days.
Uh, and here is one of those things.
I tell you, you talk about a death wish, but see the, in the criminals that run Europe
that have hijacked it can get away with this.
They can get away with anything.
So it's not just a fetish to smear garbage all over Europe.
I got stacks of articles of women being pulled out of cars, rape, children being raped.
They're like, well, that's part of the radical Islamic culture to rape your daughter says
you see, they're kicking out of their countries.
They're poorest, their most criminal, their most degenerate, their most mentally ill and
a bunch of 18 year old, 20 year old troublemaker crooks and ISIS people that folks don't want
their countries anymore.
We have them posting on their Facebook.
I'm here, I'm in Berlin.
Look at me.
I'm a jihadi.
I fought.
I caught a bunch of Christians heads off.
Come hang out with me ladies and all the German women turn into trendy TV and stuff.
I go, absolutely.
And that's the cool thing is to get, you know, beat up by a gang banger or a, you know, have
his name tattooed all over him and or the next best things to be slapped around and
put in a slave pit by a radical jihadi.
I mean, they got all these women, teenagers, all over the world getting on airplanes and
flooding to go be in dirt shacks and raped by over a hundred men.
Then of course they're begging for mommy and daddy after, but that doesn't happen.
You just get taken out of the field, shot in the back of the head, but it's so liberal.
Gloria Steinem loves it.
And so is Rachel Maddow.
Hey Rachel Maddow, why don't you go over there and hang out with your little jihadi pals
that little CIA Anderson Cooper promoted in the last four years as the Arab spring run
by the filthy White House.
That's so close to a Dennis Miller.
Like that's so close.
The Arab spring is run by the White House?
The Arab spring was run by the White House according to Alex, yes.
Okay.
And the CIA was behind it and Anderson Cooper has a past with the CIA.
Yeah.
And so he was not really over there overseas in his capacity as a CNN reporter.
He was, I don't know, inciting the Arab spring, I guess.
There are a couple stories that have come out of people like young white girls going
to join ISIS in the same way that there are a couple stories that have come out of young
white dudes who've gone over to join.
And it generally does not end up all that well.
No.
There are also stories of the opposite as well.
People going to join the actual Syrian resistance and fight against the Iraqi army.
Or the Iraqi army.
Yeah, absolutely.
Or even trying to come here as refugees.
Yeah.
Oh, crazy.
But yeah, what he does is he takes like, again, it's these kernels, it's these like one or
two stories that have come out and he embellishes it to be like there's thousands of young white
girls who just want to go get beat by a Muslim because that's cool.
These trendy women just want it.
It's so disgusting.
Well, there is a Pornhub channel.
I can tell you this.
There's not.
There is definitely not.
I just wanted to make you snort.
That's bad.
Your impulse and his.
Both bad.
But it has nothing on this next clip.
Oh, no.
This is the first of two very severe historical misrepresentations that Alex makes that we'll
discuss on today's show.
And I think it's probably the worst of the two.
I'll let you decide.
Because Hitler was a project of the elites in this country.
I'm already out.
I'm already out.
And they shut Hitler up.
Hitler was not good, by the way.
But it's beyond what they tell you.
Hitler was bad.
Got it.
Roosevelt wouldn't take the Jews because the liberal Jewish groups in New York City said
they hadn't paid a ransom to them to get out.
And I've had Dr. Pachinik on who was a Jew who lost family in Europe when they fled to
Cuba.
They fled to Cuba on a boat right after he was born because New York City wouldn't take
them because the Jews said you didn't pay up.
Oh, is it Andy Smith that doesn't want to kill Jews?
I guess it is, isn't it?
If I was a real Nazi collaborator, then it would be okay if I was Arnold Schwarzenegger
that wears Nazi uniforms and says he wants to be Hitler.
That's okay.
But if I point out that the evil corrupt people like George Soros who was involved then, the
people above him robbed the Jews and sucked off the Jews and told them you either pay
a ransom or you go to Israel.
And then when they said, okay, we'll go to Israel, they said still you're going to pay
a ransom.
The average ransom calculates out to $1 million today.
All the poor Jews or the middle class Jews that didn't have it, they got sent to be murdered.
And then the very Jews that helped murder them sit around and create a Holocaust narrative
and projected on as guilt onto the American people as the national narrative, as if we
were involved in it, as if the average American that fought Hitler or whose grandfathers fought
Hitler was bad.
So we have to let that same Jewish mafia that helped kill the Jews with Hitler engage in
all these criminal activities or we're anti-Semitic?
I say feel your hand, Nazi-loving scum, and go straight to hell where you came from.
My friends, it is official.
We can now say that Alex Jones is a Holocaust denier.
Wow.
Or at least a Holocaust revisionist.
Un... wow.
That's pretty wild stuff.
Unreal.
So if you look into it, there are a bunch, you know, like there were people who were
able to make bribes to get themselves out of Nazi-occupied territory.
Yeah, not to New York City Jews.
You could get out of camps if you bribed people with a lot of money because, you know, they're
evil but, you know, they want some money.
Everybody's gotta get paid.
Right.
Alex is extrapolating that to be like, oh, it was Jewish groups who were keeping these
poor Jews in these camps to be killed because they didn't pay up.
That's amazing.
Because that plays on anti-Semitic tropes.
Yep.
It plays on a kernel of truth in the sense that some people were able to buy their way
out and...
And it does play on the fact that America absolutely denied Jewish refugees.
You know why?
Because of the same fucking type of people who are denying Muslim refugees now.
Alex.
So that's why they're rewriting this goddamn history so they can't, so it's like, well,
it wasn't us.
We're the ones who aren't fucking bringing it.
No, that's fucking bullshit.
If Alex had been around in the 19 goddamn thirties, he would have screamed about how
Jews shouldn't be allowed in there because they're Jews because they're German.
They're German.
They're secret Nazis.
That fucking bullshit.
What better way to sneak Nazis into America than for them to be Jewish?
They play on your sympathies and then before you know it, they're here.
They're making a little Reichs within our country.
Even though the very fucking antisemitic beliefs that Hitler got, he got from intellectuals
here in the 1910s and 20s.
So this whole fucking bullshit, this whole fucking bullshit about rewriting history to
make your team...
Like if you're somebody now who says all lives matter, do not, do not pretend for a second
that during the civil rights era, you wouldn't have been like, well, I get why Martin Luther
King Jr. is angry, but I really don't like what he's saying.
I'm pulling on the neck of my shirt because the next clip that we're going to play...
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
God damn it, Dan.
It starts with him in the middle of a rant about all lives matter.
No!
God damn it!
Fucking Christ.
Before we get to that, I want to just tell everybody, in case you're unaware, the idea
of Holocaust denial is much more complicated than just someone saying it didn't happen.
There's a lot of schools of thought within the Holocaust denial community.
There are people who believe, like, it did happen, but there weren't gas chambers.
Or it did happen, but they were work camps.
They weren't death camps.
It did happen, but the reason that people died was because of malnutrition, not because
of a concerted effort on the Nazi's part to kill the Jews.
Or there's another branch that's just like, hey, yeah, six million Jews died, but a bunch
of other people died, so why do we care?
There's all these branches, and the thing that Alex is expressing is one of the branches
of Holocaust denial.
This is incredibly disgusting sort of thing to hear from him.
This is, again, this is the, and I'm still pissed about this after our last episode,
that is exactly the same shit that people will try with the alt-right versus the alt-light.
If you are minimizing the Holocaust, you are denying it.
That is full stop.
You are not pretending to be more fucking intelligent or more researched than anybody
else.
You're denying it.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
You're a fucking monster equivalent to somebody saying that it didn't happen.
Equivalent to somebody saying that it should have happened.
You're a fucking monster.
Full stop.
I think that you sort of hit the nail on the head earlier, and the reason that he engages
in this sort of thing is that there is a part of him that realizes that his mentality is
what was the problem in our country then.
And now.
But be that as it may, Alex Jones does have a little thought about All Lives Matter, but
that's not the most important part of this clip.
It just is where he begins.
He's ranting about All Lives Matter and how Democrats have to apologize for saying All
Lives Matter when all lives do matter.
But it leads to another really weird sort of religious rant that I actually think is
much more interesting.
But the rapture is a fraud.
There's the battle of Armageddon.
Christ comes back.
The dead in Christ are raised.
And then those living spend a thousand years with Christ here on Earth.
That's what the Bible says.
And they've got it that there's a teleporter machine.
What?
Whatever.
Let's just say God the devil isn't real.
For the sake of argument.
Where is that?
Where is that revelation that there's a teleporter machine?
I want to be clear.
That's not referencing something that he talked about before this clip started.
That's I don't.
It just came out that there is a teleporter machine.
I don't know what that's in reference to.
No, that's that's what he's talking about with the rapture.
Oh.
That's what he's saying.
He's saying that the rapture isn't what people think it is.
It's a fucking teleporter machine.
That very well may be the case.
Anyway.
Here we go.
Let's get back.
Let's just say God the devil isn't real for the sake of argument.
I'm going to fight putting fluoride in the water.
I'm going to fight aborting babies and selling their body parts.
And I don't care if twiddly-dee and twiddly-dumb preachers get up there on television in front
of their crowds and follow their 501c3 and give their government script.
Steven, finish up your points, brother.
Thanks for holding.
Wait.
There's a guy on hold?
Yeah.
I'm going to have to leave it there as a punchline just because that's great.
What I think is really fascinating is to look at like the preachers that he does have on
as opposed to the preachers he complains about because he's had this guy named Pastor David
James Manning on a bunch.
Are you aware of that guy?
No.
David Manning is one of the craziest black nationalist homophobic pastors in the world.
He runs a place called At-La Ministry in New York.
And the most notable thing he's done recently is a couple years back, maybe a year and a
half ago or so, he came out and said that the gay agenda is way more pervasive than
we think.
And what they're doing is that they're putting semen in the lattes at Starbucks.
That's how you get the frothy milk.
That's how you get the frothy milk.
That makes as much sense as anything else?
There's semen in the lattes.
I'm pronouncing it like that because that's how he pronounces it and it's fun.
That's the weirdest.
It's super fun.
There's semen in the lattes.
Yeah.
Because if you go into Starbucks and you get a latte, it has semen in it.
And then you get a taste for semen.
And then everyone goes, the gays like to eat semen and they have a lot of fun.
So you'll associate these good times that you have with lattes with semen.
Oh man.
It's wild.
But Alex has him on as a guest pretty regularly.
Not super regularly, but at least like, I've found at least ten times he's been on.
At least like seven.
It's wild.
Alright.
No.
I'm moving on.
I have no opinions on that.
Fucking.
True.
Untrue.
I'm fine with both.
I'd like to say just like, full disclosure, I used to manage a Starbucks and there's no
semen in lattes.
They get...
I was just waiting for you to...
Full disclosure, I drink a lot of semen, but just recreationally.
Oh, of course.
No sex involved.
I just like, I gotta get my fix.
You get market-produced milk and it's put into a steaming wand.
You have a cup and the steaming wand froths the milk.
This is how I...
Yeah.
It's not jizz.
But that, like, he complains about churches all the time and yet he'll have someone like
him on.
It's fucking bizarre, but I mean...
Everything.
Everything.
Nothing makes sense.
Everything is bizarre right now.
So like I told you, they're doing a lot of sales.
They're trying to boost sales.
Trying to get the shit out.
And it's like every single day, there's something like this big Anthony Gucciardi appearance,
Dr. Group coming on.
On the 10th, they have an even bigger thing happens.
We're gonna go to our guest, Steve Wetzel, here in just a moment who I asked to come
on the show.
I've been in talks with these folks.
We're gonna spend about 10 minutes on this and then get back into the news.
I've been in talks, well, they've been a sponsor for four years, three, four years, but I've
been in talks for two years to do this.
And finally, we got it all done.
I'll be honest with you, I went out and talked to some of the other top providers and they
just couldn't provide something as good, as as low a cost that was as high quality.
Because I believe in treating people like I want to be treated.
The golden rule...
This is fucking boring.
He launches a line of survival foods.
He has a group called My Patriot Supply and their private labeling.
Like an entire line of, you know, you get buckets in your house of food.
So I mean, he's just really trying to expand what he has for people to buy.
So I mean, it does feed into this, we need to make money.
We need to make money fucking fast.
So you get a little bit of a markup on this new thing.
It's a good new revenue stream, especially when you're fucking spending all your time
scaring people.
So there's that.
Also on this show, super fun to note, Alex Jones legit forgets what year 9-11 happened.
Oh, God.
It's 2015.
Oh, fantastic.
It's 2015.
He says it's the 15th anniversary coming up of 9-11.
And then he's like, hold on.
Is that right?
15th anniversary.
He even thinks about it.
He's like, that's it.
That's it.
Hold up.
Nah, it's 15th.
It's always just fun to remember when people forget 9-11.
Anyway, let's get on to 9-11.
September 11th, 2015 is the next day.
Oh, that's right, we're actually doing a 9-11 episode.
Forget about that.
He doesn't talk about it almost at all.
The 9-11 episode in 2015 is very, like, it's kind of blasé.
Hey, let's be honest.
It's kind of bland.
Aren't we all a little bit done with 9-11?
I've moved on.
So here is something that he does have to say on 9-11.
At a certain point, you know, seeing 2,000 people die versus the half a million civilians
that we killed in Iraq, kind of like, you know what?
It evens out.
Sure.
I think I'm good on 9-11.
I don't think we're the good guy anymore.
No.
No, no, no, no.
No.
Oh, on 9-11, that was the day that he has the interview with the guy with the barbershop
that we talked about earlier.
Yes.
He's having this interview and the guy is a sleazy seaman dude.
He just gave me a very bad vibe.
These dudes can't fart if ladies are around.
I like them to fart.
Wait, what?
That's sort of one of his arguments.
I have my man cave here.
Dudes can't tell jokes and fart if women are around.
That is legitimately, like, what his argument comes down to.
All right.
But more importantly, Alex has something he needs you to be really afraid about on 9-11,
and here's that.
They are going to turn the Middle East over to radical Islam, merge with communism.
That's not how that works at all.
That's the checkmate move by the New World Order and the central banks and Saudi Arabia.
Do you understand that?
Do you have that through your head, okay?
And then if the states don't go along with it here in the United States, the globalists
are going to bomb stuff and say the patriots did it, or they're going to find reasons to
indict people, like the Texas Attorney General, I know they're trying to indict the governor
right now, and I'm not going to get any more of that.
I mean, do you understand?
They got feds following the governor around all the time.
Don't they always have feds following the governor?
Yeah, but the governor was in trouble for some insider trading stuff.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Illegal things.
Yeah, yeah.
Things that were illegal that he was doing.
Yeah.
Alex doesn't seem...
He seems to think he's being targeted.
Well, if he...
See, that's the one thing.
If Alex lived in Illinois, he'd be like, well, of course they're following around.
One of our governors has probably committed so many crimes.
So many crimes.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Even our best governors have committed at least most crimes.
Light crimes.
But those things are things you need to be afraid of.
The idea that they're going to do false flags, blaming the patriots, the fact that they're
going to overthrow the Middle East and merge it with communism.
Preemptively protecting any white nationalist crime that occurs.
A lot of that is stuff you need to be afraid of, but Alex Jones has some more information
that you should be more afraid of immediately.
What's that?
All the time right now trying to find him with a crooked toenail to throw him in jail.
And by the way, the FBI doesn't like doing it.
I mean, most people in the FBI are not really bad.
They're compartmentalized, but it's so dirty now, they're just going, I cannot believe
we're this evil.
And I'm not going to get into my sources, folks, but I mean, I have sources...
Donald Trump Jr.
Not yet.
That's the problem with my job, man, is I know so much more than I can even say because
I can't reveal sources.
But the reason I know they're making their move is it's bad.
It's bad.
They're looking at a whole bunch of governors they're going to arrest.
They're looking at taking out people in legislatures, governments even looking at sending hit teams
around to kill key people that aren't going to go along with this.
And all these generals that are now telling the truth and stuff, you know they're going
to send a hit team to kill you and your family, right?
People say you suicided your wife and kids, so I'm going to tell the generals and everybody
else something right now.
You're going to preside over the destruction of America and the world sliding into a new
dark age and you are going to end up getting locked in prison or killed probably because
of your inaction and your cowards.
I mean, I'm going to say it right now.
Spoiler alert.
None of that happened.
That's a really, really great way to describe the GOP under Trump right now.
How do you mean?
Cowards?
Like you guys, because of your inaction, are going to wind up in jail and you're like,
oh yeah, that's probably true.
So hit team...
Fucking sooner or later.
And let's be honest, now it's entirely possible that we don't make it through this whole section
of democracy.
Very possible.
Now historically though, America's made it through shit.
We've done it.
We've done a lot.
Yeah, that's true.
And as much as they want to believe that once they enact the GOP agenda and they restrict
voting rights and all of that shit, it's not like our voting rights haven't been restricted
before.
It's not like a large, it's not like women got the vote in 1776, you know, like that
kind of thing.
So if they do, if they, if they don't pull it off perfectly, sooner or later we're going
to fucking come after them, right?
So if, if the GOP doesn't win this a hundred percent, and it seems unlikely sooner or later,
they're going to get fucked and they don't understand that.
No, but we're not saying there's going to be hit teams.
Uh, I mean, fucking are we, are we not, are we not saying that now you're now, are we
not saying that now you're turning into Alex Jones.
Are we not saying that?
I'm just saying, are we not saying you got to stop Jonesing?
That's our new thing.
That's our new thing.
So to get too close to Alex Jones, stop Jonesing bro.
We're no longer, we're no longer doing the points we're doing stop Jonesing.
Yeah.
Um, so that, that's wild.
That didn't happen.
Hit teams did not take out governors or legislators.
What kind of lunacy would occur if you, I'd like to point out for all of you listening
who think that we're a little bit off, it's not the wine, Jordan is watching the baseball
game on his phone.
I am not doing that.
Jordan has the Cubs game.
I am just, I'm just keeping, I'm just being aware of it.
I am just keeping awareness of it.
I understand you're a fan.
I, I'm far more, I'm far more angry about that.
I seen you, if you had just said it was the wine.
Are you sure?
Are you sure?
It's not because, Oh wait, we're up.
Nevermind.
Listen, listen.
So on September 11th, that was one of the things he wanted to talk about, but again,
it makes total sense.
He wants to scare people.
And so the idea that he has high level sources that say they're going to take out all the
guys you like.
Right.
All of our Patriot guys, they're going to take them out secretly, um, that, that feeds
into that.
But he also has an interview with a guy named Joseph Farah.
You're aware of Joseph Farah.
I am not.
Never heard of that name before.
He is the guy who started World Net Daily and he is a dick.
Yeah.
I was going to say you, you said World Net Daily and I'm like, I bet he's a horrifying
fucking person.
He is big into the Clinton conspiracies along with our friend Larry Nichols.
Yep.
Uh, and then also he, uh, is super, has made a lot of public claims that Obama, his birth
certificate is fake.
Yeah.
He offered to pay up $15,000 if they could prove it was real and then reneged once the
birth certificate was revealed.
Yeah.
Uh, it, it, he's a, he's a dick, but he, uh, he released some information about the Clintons
that is dubious, uh, in the past about how they wanted to silence conservative voices
and stuff like that.
Yeah.
So Alex has him on to do an interview about, you know, the growing Clinton menace in the
2016 election.
And he asks Joseph Farah, uh, Hey, you've got a bunch of information.
Why don't you release it?
Well, you know, you have a bunch of stuff from this Clinton stash that you have very
legitimate question.
Now, let's see how legitimate his answer is.
Okay.
I agree with you.
In closing, I want to get you back in the next few months to get into those documents
you got.
You said some of it was so incendiary, you had to carefully dole it out.
When are we going to learn more about what you got from the Clinton library?
I mean, what you released was bombshell.
Yeah, well, it's, there's a lot of good stuff in there, but you know, when I look at it,
I think this means something to me because I experienced it, you know, how much can I
put out there without people thinking I'm just being self-indulgent and just being this
doesn't matter.
This is how they plan to shut down new media and how they, I mean, it's, it's really powerful.
They thought of shutting down new media even before we got started, Alex, that's that they
saw the, I have to hand it to them.
They saw what a threat, uh, you know, we were at such an early stage in the development
of new media.
And so now, you know, now with guys like you and Breitbart and Drudge and the rest, uh,
they really got their hands full and there'll be more serious than ever.
Oh, that's a good dodge to Alex Jones's question.
But in terms of the actual answer he gives us, I have a bunch of damning documents that
I don't want to release because people think I'm just being sentimental or nostalgic.
What is, no, that means self-indulgent, which I don't know what he also said, nostalgic.
Okay.
As Alex was talking over him, he said, I don't want to look like I'm nostalgic.
I don't understand what that means at all.
I think if I was going to try and give him a tiny bit of credit, I would say that what
he means is people will think I'm trying to self-aggrandize, I'm trying to make myself
the story about the Clintons.
And I want to avoid that.
It's him trying to be magnanimous and humble, but the reality is he has nothing.
He has no information.
Obviously, you're the fucking guy who runs and started World News, World Net Daily.
You're on Alex Jones's show talking shit about the Clintons.
If you had any concrete information, you would pony that motherfucking shit up.
Frankly, even if you had no concrete information, you would make something up.
Right.
Why is he pretending?
Because you want to have the MacGuffin.
You want to have this idea of this possible thing, this magic thing that's in a box.
It's the same thing with what's on the server.
It's the same thing.
Whatever it creates in your mind is way more potent than what the reality is.
It's the same reason, like, I've been putting out these, I made an archive of the episodes
of That's What They Want You To Think, me and Marty's conspiracy theory show.
Yeah.
Nice plug.
Thanks.
We did one episode about a group called the Hellfire Club.
I don't know if you're aware of them.
Not at all.
They're a secret society that existed way in the past.
There's a guy named Sir Francis Dashwood, and I just love their names.
They're great.
Oh, no, no, no.
Of course I know who the Hellfire Club is.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So they had this secret society, and most of it really was just debauchery.
It was fucking.
It was drinking and fucking and saying things that God doesn't want you to say, and making
paintings of themselves as saints.
Sodomy was involved.
Yeah, probably a lot of butt-fucking.
But the idea that they had was they created secrecy intentionally.
They had this methodology wherein they would publicly talk about how secret their society
was.
And because they would do that, there was a mystique to what they did.
And everyone thought they were doing way more important shit than they were actually doing.
They were drinking and fucking.
They were committing sacrilege, perhaps, but it wasn't to any larger goal.
But because they would be like, ask me about the Hellfire Club.
Hey, Dan, have you been to the Hellfire Club?
Man, I haven't, but I hear they're really up to some weird shit in there, but no one
talks about what goes on there.
Nobody talks about it?
No.
But, like, do you know?
I have no idea.
I've heard some fables.
Fables?
Fables?
Yeah.
Did Aesop write about the Hellfire Club?
Moving on.
That roleplay didn't work out.
But you understand what I'm saying?
None of our roleplays have ever worked out.
We've never taken improv classes.
No.
But you understand what I'm saying?
No, absolutely.
Joseph Farah's playing the same game.
This mystique, like, I don't want to release this stuff because your mind will be like,
oh, it's got to be the most damning stuff.
He's not putting it up.
Maybe it's dangerous.
Yeah.
I think what had the best representation of that, I think, is in one of his, I think it
was the long, dark tea time of the soul, he had a famous author who would famously have
a bunch of chickens taken into his hotel room every night and nobody knows what they were
for.
Yeah.
And then later on he was like, well, yeah, he just had them brought in and had them smuggled
out with nobody knowing because it created that sense of, what the fuck is this guy doing?
Like that kind of thing.
How many weird celebrities play that same game today?
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, absolutely.
So Joseph Farah is playing the same game, but it's unfortunately way more damaging because
what it creates is part of that vast right wing conspiracy.
Of course.
That Hillary Clinton so accurately complained about.
So.
Oh, poor Hillary.
Oh, poor Hillary.
Poor, well, actually poor all of us.
Yeah.
And let's be clear, we're not like sitting here saying that she's the greatest.
No.
That's not our game.
Yeah.
That's like us.
Like, I, the thing I think about whenever we talk about the election is a lot of what's
going on with Emmanuel Macron right now in France.
Like he's way better than, uh, once or fuck.
Le Pen.
Yeah.
Then Le Pen.
Right.
But he's still acting like he's a king, you know?
Yeah.
Like he's not, he's not doing good.
He, he sucks in a lot of ways, but Le Pen would have been so much worse.
Yeah, exactly.
And like our, our, our, it seems like our world now exists in the extreme far right.
Yeah.
And then people who are center right.
Neoliberalism.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
Which is.
Which sucks.
Like, hey, how about progressives?
Like I, I, this is a thing that I thought about.
But dude, if you think about it, that is the way that a lot of conservatives felt before
the tea party really got going is that like the center was liberal and then the extra,
you know what I'm saying?
Like the Republicans were coming to the center and then the Democrats were straight up socialists.
Yeah.
And so they launched this hard right thing and they have moved it super far to the right.
So far right.
And maybe, I don't know, I don't know how I feel entirely about the blossoming internet
socialism that's been going on lately.
I need to look into it a little more before I, before I speak on it, but it's possible
that that will become its own sort of a new version on the left of the tea party and swing
things back.
But unfortunately what will happen then is it won't readjust to the middle.
It will swing the other way and then there'll be an even more extreme response from the
militias on the right and then eventually we'll all kill each other.
There is, there is the, for every action there is an equal and opposite.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Which kind of sucks.
Dead silence for the next 10 minutes.
Let's get introspective.
So speaking of things that suck, this next clip from Alex is one of the most woefully
misogynistic things he's ever had to say.
And that's saying a lot.
Oh God.
But I just illustrate how serious this is.
You know, I mentioned this article, feminists claim it's sexist to complain.
See, I think it's sexist for her to complain out of 40 and slip.
Biologists claim it's sexist to compliment women, feminazi to use the Rush Limbaugh term
publicly.
Uh, just real quick, let's, let's tell the story about what happened.
What there was a lady, there was a lady who on LinkedIn, uh, had a guy sent her a message,
uh, that was basically like, Hey, I'd like to get in touch with you.
Also, I got to say this might not be politically correct, but you've got the best picture on
LinkedIn.
All right.
And so her response was, I come here, this is a professional networking site.
I do not want to be judged by my appearance, especially by someone twice my age, this whole
sort of thing.
And then there was a massive backlash against her.
Everyone started calling her a cunt.
Uh, she started getting tons of death and rape threats over social media.
She was inundated with so much abuse just from standing up for herself.
I don't think that I read the messages that were sent, uh, they're posted.
You can read, there's a Guardian article about it.
I don't think that she said anything that was like, Hey, fuck you, man.
Right.
It was more corrective than anything else.
It's like, Hey, don't fucking, I'm a, I'm a person.
This is not a place for you to try and pick me up.
I've, I've had that so many times at shows where, um, afterwards if it's me and a, uh,
well actually this just happened recently.
Uh, Kristen Lundberg, uh, uh, comic in Chicago.
Um, she and I did a show together and one of the guys on the show afterwards came up
to her and was like, man, whenever you pulled out that violin, you were so sexy.
There are compliments about comedy.
Yeah.
You don't need, what is that?
It's what the fuck is that?
It's very weird.
And the reason that like she, you were very funny instead of fucking like, that's exactly
what that is.
Like, are you good at your job?
But the reason that she brought it up and I think, you know, the conversation that's
been had that a lot of dudes aren't listening to is that these sexualizing and eroticizing
compliments, especially in non romantic contexts, what it does is it's a way of exerting power
over women.
Yeah.
It's a way of taking away their, uh, agency and their ability.
And that's the point that she was making and she's totally right.
Now let's hear Alex discuss it.
Oh no.
Shame's man.
I don't want to know.
For complimenting her.
I don't want to know.
Stop.
Mic down.
And now in the London Telegraph today, lawyer who accused barrister of sexism, the same
woman has described men online as hot stuff.
Ooh, a thought crime there.
I mean, a mammal will be attracted to the opposite sex.
That's not a crime.
Having the name he or she or boy or girl, it's not bad to be he or she.
See, I mean, this is how freakish this is getting.
A lawyer who accused a fellow barrister of sexism in England after he described LinkedIn
profile as stunning and previously praised men for their physical appearance online telling
them they are hot stuff that she just chose to do this and the feminist groups said, good
name him and shaming to get her stars in bars.
Charlotte proud man, 27 said she felt objectified.
Oh, oh, that's why you had your hair all done up and stuff on there after receiving an online
message from Alexander Carter, 57.
She had invited to connect on the professional networking site, so she invited him to connect.
He said, wow, I love your photo.
It's stunning.
How dare him?
I mean, I'll be sitting there and there's an old lady checking me out of the Dillard's
or something about a shirt and she's got a cool watch or something.
I don't say it if I don't like it.
I know that's a really nice watch or your hair really looks nice.
I mean, does my dad does, uh, I see a guy get, you know, uh, on an elevator with me
with a cool sports jacket or a cool Rolex or cool, uh, bag.
I'll say, man, that's really cool.
I'm just being nice.
Plus I like it.
This is sick telling us that our very communication's bad, but it is a smaller and smaller boxes,
but it's all selectively enforced.
If you want to have liberal Hollywood, sexism, sex stuff, debauchery, torture, murder, and
it's okay.
You can have kids play violent video games all day, but if they go to school and write
an essay about the Marines and mention him to 16 here come the police.
He wrote, I appreciate this, that this is probably horrendously politically incorrect,
but that is a stunning picture.
Oh, he even admitted it was politically incorrect, even prostrated himself before that.
I'm so sorry.
It's politically correct, incorrect, and that's signaled her like a bug-eyed Burana to come
in and go after him to see they pack members of the cult even more.
I'll be, you know, what I found is these women that are fake feminist, I've talked a lot
of guys about this, like democratic party, operative women and stuff actually want to
be debased and want to be called pigs and stuff, and so the problem was he groveled
to her.
I'm not staying with her, but that's what I would imagine.
He just said, hey, you pussy.
It's time for us to get together right now, he's been partying that night, brother.
Holy shit.
Holy shit.
That end is crazy.
If he had just fucking outright sexually harassed her as opposed to couched his sexual harassment
in polite language, he would have been fucking on LinkedIn.
That's so fucking awful.
That interpretation is wild.
I don't, how can you not understand that?
How can you not understand that the context of his, look, I want to fuck.
But that's not why I would hire someone.
That's not why I would be on LinkedIn.
Yeah.
What's wrong with you if you're like, hey, look at this sexy attractive woman.
That's great, so long as you're not being a creep, so long as you're not pulling them
off the street, so long as you're catcalling, so long as it's within the context that makes
sense and is accepted by both sides.
But the idea that you should do that in a professional circumstance is so, it's bizarre.
So, also, but the reason that he thinks he's in sort of safe harbor to critique her and
call her like a wild, out of control, feminazi, blah, blah, blah, is that he said at the beginning
of that that she'd called men sexy and hot stuff online.
Yeah, like that's exactly fucking, fucking, fuck, come on.
If you look into that, the circumstances are she commented sexy on her friend's photos
on Facebook.
No fucking.
Which is completely different.
Very, very different.
It's so stupid.
That's congratulatory.
He knows, he knows that people aren't going to look into it.
He knows that his audience is already predisposed to these anti-feminist, chauvinist mentalities
because he knows that his fucking audience is all dudes.
But that's like, that's just like whenever they show the, or the little headlines, stuff
like that, where it's like, oh, a former convict murdered by the cops instead of father of
two.
No, it's even worse.
But when it's a white person, it's father of three.
There were two examples within the last week that were really illustrative of that.
Oh yeah.
There was the one where a guy pulled someone out of a burning car and they said ex-felon
saved, instead of going to a job interview, saved someone from a burning car.
Why the fuck do you have to bring up that he's a fucking felon in the headline?
No.
And then the other one was that there was a lady who sent ricin to President Obama and
they used her headshot.
Former actress.
Right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So.
Fucking unbelievable.
Or just, just the way that the white lady shot, the Australian white lady shot by the
cops is treated so differently.
And the chief of police.
The police chief resigned.
She didn't get fired.
She resigned.
Yeah.
Over it.
Un-fucking-believable.
It's all, it's like if it weren't so tragic and, you know, a sign of what our society's
up to, it would be comical.
Like the actual elements of it are farce.
But be that as it may, that's kind of where we leave off September 11th, 2015.
Not a whole lot of talk about September 11th.
Never forget.
Really.
He has an interview with our favorite homophobic pastor, Chuck Baldwin.
He is the guy who said that no civilization that has officially endorsed homosexuality
has ever survived.
Oh, that's true.
He goes on to say a bunch more homophobic stuff, and they scream about how Christianity
is responsible for saving people from slavery, all sorts of, you know, everything that's
good that's ever happened is Christianity.
Everything that's good that's ever happened is Christian.
Even when Christians did bad stuff, well, that's because they weren't Christians.
Yeah.
So.
They were doing bad stuff.
So that was on the 11th, and then.
It's as if, regardless of your religion, people are capable of doing good and bad.
Yeah.
So the 11th is a Friday.
Then, over the weekend, Alex Jones goes to the hike and bike trail and jumps into the
lake and ends up with an ear infection.
So he's gone on Sunday, David Knight hosts on the 13th.
David Knight hosts again on the 14th.
So he can skip past those, and we get back to the 15th.
And it's weird, because he ended the 11th show talking about how Christianity has done
everything great for civilization.
And he comes back on the 15th, and he wants to talk a whole bunch about West.
The West.
God damn it.
And it's very similar stuff, but instead of religion, it's based in the West.
And I would posit, he does not have a good handle on history.
But we can discuss that on the 11th.
Oh, oh, did we just discover that now?
We can discuss that on the other end of this book.
All I've been taught my whole life was how evil the West was.
How inherently bad white people were.
And then I studied history from even foreign perspectives, and it's just not true.
And why the West is great, and why I say it's the best, on average, some cultures are better
than other things for whatever manifestation, whatever manifest destiny reason.
Just like different breeds of dogs behave differently and have different attributes.
White dogs are better.
The West has been the great innovator.
The great builders, the great scientists.
Now much of the ideas of the West has come from the East, come from the South, come from
even older cultures.
But for whatever reason, many of those cultures fell before and never rose back up.
And the West, the Romans particularly, were great innovators at grabbing other cultures
and using it.
When other cultures tended to not innovate, they intended to invent things, but then not
innovate off of that.
I don't know what that means.
On average.
I do.
And so it was the West that was the melting pot.
It was the West, early on, that actually wasn't racist and sectarian like some of the other
groups.
Now the West became like that later.
Sure.
So I have a lot of historical thoughts, but first is...
Where do we start with his bullshit there?
I'll try and work backwards.
I want to start at the beginning, all right?
Go ahead.
The idea that...
First there was God.
The idea that...
Then he created the stars and the...
Okay.
The idea that old-time West civilizations weren't racist is patently absurd.
I haven't studied Rome all that much, but I've studied Greece extensively.
It's a big part of my college education.
And one of the things, just a great example that's very easy for people to analyze and
understand is that, you know the word barbarian?
You know where it comes from?
No.
It comes from the Greek.
Barbary.
Barbaros, which is a term for people outside invading because they thought that everybody
who didn't...
Do you mean immigrants?
Yeah, they did.
They thought, well, they had a really interesting idea about having to take people into your
home.
Strangers, they had like a...
They had a neighbor.
Yeah.
They had a very complicated thing with actual people, but big groups, they would...
Barbarian comes from barbar.
They thought that everyone just said barbar.
They didn't respect anyone else's language or any culture.
Oh.
Yeah.
It was like woof woof.
It was just an onomatopoeia kind of thing.
Those who say barbar became barbarians.
Okay.
And that's where the word comes from to this day.
That's really fascinating.
There's tons of stuff like that throughout the history of Greece and Rome.
They were very terrible with other cultures and civilizations.
Right.
Secondly, the idea that Rome was like this great innovator that took things from other
cultures and then made it better, they conquered everybody.
They just took things.
They killed everybody.
They took things.
Yeah.
You know what else they took?
Their land.
They took over everything.
They were an empire.
Yeah.
They were a complete empire.
So then, the idea that the West is the great innovators, I would just have pulled up a
list of Chinese inventions, paper, printing, movable type, gunpowder, compass, alcoholic
beverages, bells, wooden coffins, daggers, lacquer, millet cultivation, noodles, rowing
ores, plowshares, pottery, pottery urns, the ability to cultivate rice, soybean cultivation,
acupuncture, banknotes.
You know what?
We can stop at acupuncture.
Belts.
I think you should have just stopped right before acupuncture, actually.
Belts.
Bombs.
Blast furnaces.
Bristle toothbrushes.
Cast iron.
So what you're saying is that it is directly the Chinese fault for the Holocaust.
I think the Chinese cause the Holocaust.
Most types of drill, color printing, crossbows, dominoes.
The thing that drives me insane, before I get, I think everybody gets your point.
Fire lands.
I think everybody gets your point.
Fireworks.
Fishing reels.
I think everybody gets your point.
Flame throwers.
I think zero people have not gotten your point at this point.
Fragmentation bombs.
Wait, why are we proud of fragmentation bombs?
I don't know.
Hey, let's talk about India and what they've invented.
In the third millennium BC, the Indians invented a flushing toilet.
They invented a fucking flushing toilet.
The Indians invented the ruler.
They invented the weighing scale.
They invented all sorts of ways to fuck with metal.
The Indians invented the plow that was used to- I think I understand what it was he was
talking about when he said he didn't want to reveal Hillary Clinton's information because
it was self-indulgent.
Shampoo.
The Indians invented shampoo.
The word is based on an Indian word.
They invented tons of games that we use.
Shoots and ladders is based on an Indian game called Snakes and Ladders.
Well then I will never forgive them.
No, no, so here's the thing that I hear though- The Indians invented indigo dye.
All right, I'm done.
That's actually pretty amazing.
Although that is the cheapest dye.
So I wear blue jeans.
You and I both listen to that episode of Dala.
Exactly.
All right.
Yes.
The Knowledge Fight, the podcast that references other podcasts.
We've gone too so far into this episode.
But here's the bigger thing that he just misses entirely.
You pointed out, look at all of these inventions in China and India.
And then he talks about the West being Rome and all of those places.
Who the fuck was right in the middle?
Who the fuck put together all of these things?
He says the West was the melting pot?
That is unbelievable bullshit.
Like the Silk Road began and end in the middle.
It didn't start on the West or the East.
It was right there in the fucking middle, in the Middle East.
It was those civilizations that came from Iraq.
Those places were the ones that made us all what we are.
And the fact that he pretends that it's the East or the West boggles my mind.
That is a complete misrepresentation of all of history.
And we don't have fucking time to go through all of the Middle Eastern countries and their
innovation.
Just start with zero.
The number zero.
Or Africa, the things that have come out of Africa or South America.
All the world's cultures have had innovation within them.
All the world's cultures have brought us amazing things that we use.
And the most-
It's fucking absurd.
The important part is that the areas where they all met, the areas where everybody mixed,
that's where things got a lot better and a lot more interesting a lot faster.
Everywhere where it's isolated, everywhere.
When you're talking about Africa, especially in the historical context, generally people
wind up talking about Egypt.
Those central parts of Africa-
Because it had access.
Exactly.
Where you can still see indigenous people today, they are so isolated that they never
wound up interacting with all of this insane stuff.
Because they weren't in the North and they weren't close to other-
Yep.
And they didn't have ports.
Yeah.
Like Egypt had ports.
Exactly.
So you had people that came in boats from far off lands and had to go through them in
order to do anything.
Exactly.
The idea of the West-
That's how the Library of Alexandria got so big and then burned down.
The idea of isolation is the idea of completely removing any innovation or invention or anything
like that.
Nationalism.
Exactly.
Yeah.
It's a great plan.
If you want the world to die, nationalism is the way you do it.
All right.
So I mean, Alex has a lot of really fucked up views about the West and he's wrong about
most of them, as we've discussed.
But get this.
This next clip is super bizarre.
We know Alex Jones as a man who's primarily against tyranny.
That is what he's afraid of.
Theoretically primarily against tyranny.
Well, based on his words.
His sort of world conception is that the liberals are not really liberals.
They want to push socialism, which will lead to communism, which will lead to a totalitarian
regime tyranny.
That is his big fear.
He doesn't understand how much fewer steps it takes to get to tyranny.
We're there.
We're way past it.
We're real close.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But he has this like, that is what has driven his career.
Now, as I talked about at the beginning of this episode, there's also that weird pseudo-spiritual
shit that's going on in the background, but in terms of what he's really willing to present
as his overarching theme, it's a fight against tyranny.
That is how he sort of presents himself all the time.
This next clip is super fucked up when you keep that in mind.
The globalists do not want you to be perceptive.
They do not want you to be powerful.
They do not want you to be free.
They are incredible enslavers.
And all I know is they're not good.
They claim they're engaging in all this tyranny to bring in a total control system to protect
the earth from wars and factions killing each other.
That's not right.
I'll be honest with you.
If there was a quasi-tyranny, I'm just going to be totally honest from now on, that had
good friends and empowered individuals, but went and shut down really bad people, I would
say it was a lesser of evils, very dangerous, might become the ultimate tyranny down the
road, but I wouldn't fight it to the point of putting my full will against it to where
I try to force his hand against me.
What the fuck does that mean?
What he just said is tyranny is cool as long as it's on my side.
As long as it's the right kind of tyranny.
As long as it's on my side.
Right.
That's incredibly fucked up.
That should invalidate most of his beliefs.
That should invalidate everything.
That means he has no principles, he's just on a team.
It's just that his team is weird.
His team is not the republicans necessarily, it's not even libertarians, it's anti-government
weird constitutionalists.
That really is one of those things where you do point back, like, I shit all over the founding
congresses, I refuse to call them the founding fathers.
That's fucking annoying.
It's patriarchal.
Fucking annoying.
Not patriarchal, just very...
It's like saying the...
Call them the founding daddies.
It's like saying the Pledge of Allegiance, it's super weird, just in a gross way.
But the Framers of the Constitution, I don't know why that's better for me.
It doesn't have fathers in the name.
The guys who jerked off onto paper and made it words.
Sure.
They did an ooky cookie with the paper.
I am trying so hard to get to a point.
Which you are failing at.
Awful.
The one thing that I do give them is that all of those guys really did come from it
from different angles.
Like there were, in general, the same concept of Republicans and Democrats that we have
now.
Well, it's flipped, but there were a bunch of times that there were liberal and conservative
folk.
Yes, progressive and conservative.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, Jefferson and Washington had incredibly different perspectives.
Exactly.
Exactly.
And they disagreed with each other loud and hard.
But at the end of the day, all of them were against kings.
Yeah.
Tyranny.
They didn't fucking throw everything.
You guys want taxes?
I hate taxes.
But no fucking kings.
Like they all agreed on that.
And you know what else they would not be thrilled with?
Quasi-kings.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm cool with quasi-tyranny.
Maybe it turns into tyranny down the road.
But right now it's quasi-tyranny.
And it might be the most dangerous thing ever.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What is that?
No.
That is the one thing that you can point to with our overarching idea of the overarching
idea of the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution is no kings.
And right now we have a political party that is for kings.
Well, I mean, you look at it.
Well, and probably 40% of the other party is, like the way that we've expanded executive
powers is beyond reason, especially under Obama.
Totally.
Now that was maybe in response to the fact that we had the most obstructive Congress
in history.
And so the only way to actually get anything done is for Obama to be like, fuck it, I'm
doing it.
And the largest financial crisis in recorded, not recorded history, but in recent memory.
Definitely not recorded history.
No, but in recent memory.
Yeah, absolutely.
And a bunch of wars and the fact that our healthcare system was in desperate need of
something.
Yeah.
There's a whole list of reasons why it happened.
It's not good, though.
But that's how you get tyranny.
Right.
And a whole bunch of crises come together and people fuck up along the way.
And once Trump gets away with everything that he's been doing, we'll be 100% there.
He has, he will and has gotten away with everything.
Yep.
And Alex will cheerlead all the way.
So also a couple more points about this September 15th episode before we get to more clips.
It opened with a Jon Bound report that was about how Assad is a real cool dude doing
a great job in Syria.
All he's doing is fighting ISIS.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Nonsense.
Fighting ISIS.
Also, I realized why so many episodes start with a Jon Bound report.
And that is because the radio stations start at six of the hour.
The shows start at six after.
They have their commercials and station identification or what have you.
And so almost every episode of the show now starts with a Jon Bound report.
And I'm like, why is he on every fucking day?
These reports are terrible.
And it's just because he got to fill time until the stations actually pick up the show.
So yeah, they're doing more pro Assad stuff, more pro Russia business.
Then being pro Assad is such a, such a perfect bellwether of whether or not you should kill
yourself.
Yeah.
Like if you're pro Assad, just fucking die now.
I'm okay with that.
Alex is super mad about a story that he read about LA trying to call themselves the capital
of Latin America.
Uh, well, you know why they did that?
It was a desperate sales pitch to try and get the Olympics.
I was going to say, I'm sorry, the world cup, they were trying to get the world cup to come
to LA and it was part of a PR campaign talking about how, uh, you know, North America is
one and you know, they are the capital of Latin America and Alex is like, no, it's just
about the North American union coming together.
This is them coming out into the open globalist.
No, they wanted to make a ton of money in Los Angeles by, well, in regards to the world
cup, a very small amount of people wanted to make a very large amount of money and fuck
over everybody.
And thankfully that didn't happen.
Yeah.
But although they will probably get the Olympics, so they'll be fucking us over in some way.
And that's why I, that's why I had that brain fart calling at the Olympics.
But be that as it may, uh, we need to check in Alex, like I said, in that, uh, a couple
of, a couple of days back called Trump a punk, called him, told him to shut his fat mouth.
And then the next day Trump backpedaled, Trump backpedaled and Alex softened.
So now we've got to check in Alex Jones on this 15th of September has some thoughts about
Trump.
Here's where we're at.
When I get mad at Rand Paul and say he should be more aggressive and sound more like Trump
because I love Rand Paul, I know he's for real.
I support him.
I want him to win.
I trust him, but I know he's listening to more milk toast political advisors that say
that Trump's going to get destroyed in a general election because he's too extreme.
He's not extreme.
I don't know if I trust Trump or not.
I don't know him, but I do know what he's saying is true.
And that's why he's so popular.
We're back to where we started.
Of course we have made no progress.
None.
He went.
It just went back.
Back.
Back.
Yeah.
It just.
There is there is a will they won't they thing going on.
And the baseline is I like what he's saying, but I don't trust him.
I think his real problem so far seems to be that Rand Paul actually believes in what Alex
Jones says he believes and Alex Jones doesn't actually believe in what he says he believes.
That might be part of the tension.
Like that's what it seems to me like.
And I think Rand Paul's a little smarter than Alex.
Rand Paul is so much smarter than Alex.
But in terms of knowing like what is possible, what isn't possible, I think Rand Paul's also
a fucking dick.
Absolutely.
I think he's a disaster.
He seems to be an ideologically consistent dick, which is something that we cannot say
about Alex.
No.
He just said he's cool with partial tyranny.
Yeah.
So yeah.
Alex is nonsense.
It's a complete mess.
So.
Alex is the wind.
He blows wherever it may.
On this episode, he has that interview with the guy from the Citizens for Guns or whatever.
I can't remember the name of the organization.
And I'll tell you this.
Citizens for Guns.
It's not important.
That might as well be.
Might as well be the name.
Yeah.
It's just a guy who's super into guns.
And he has a terrible Skype.
He's just sitting in a room doing this interview with Alex.
And they end up having this conversation.
This is the second instance of complete historical revisionism.
I think it's slightly less offensive than the Holocaust denial that Alex engaged in
previously, but it is just as whack.
Federal government, you can go here and no farther.
And if you try, then the Second Amendment comes into play.
To put it a little bit more crudely, we'll point our guns at you if you try to act tyrannically.
And that's in the Declaration of Independence, in the Constitution, in the Bill of Rights.
The war started over them coming to take the guns.
It doesn't matter how many quack professors they pay from Bloomberg to write books claiming
it wasn't about guns.
It was all about self-defense.
It's always about self-defense.
It's always about being free.
The Revolutionary War was about guns.
Yeah.
The UK.
That's obvious.
Okay.
Who has not read history?
Alex.
Don't you remember in 1776 when they wrote the Declaration of Independence, they were
like, guns!
That's why it was the Second Amendment.
Yeah, I think that there were more issues about taxation, certainly.
Alex loves to bring up tariffs when he talks about the Civil War.
This one might be more appropriate.
There was that.
There was the lack of recourse.
There was a lack of redress of grievances.
There was no representation.
Those sorts of issues seem to be more important.
I know that the tea party, the Boston Tea Party, was not about guns.
I know that.
Hmm.
Maybe it was.
What else you got?
Maybe it was.
What else you got?
Maybe they were throwing...
Give me six more examples.
I don't need to.
Alex has no examples.
None.
I mean...
It's just an assertion.
It's just an assertion that the Revolutionary War was about guns.
What?
I mean, what do you say to a person who believes that?
What do you say to somebody who believes that the Civil War was about states' rights or
tariffs?
What words are possible?
I think that there's a way, though, to...
Tariffs, no.
That's not true.
But I think there is a way to look back on what happened in the course of the Civil War
and rewrite it reasonably with the states' rights.
It's not what was going on then.
This is gonna be a dangerous argument for me to make.
This is already dangerous territory.
I think that in hindsight, you can make the argument that what they were trying to argue
was states' rights.
That we should be able to decide whatever is legal in our state, federal government,
get out, whatever.
Uh-huh.
Like, I think you can do that.
You can't use what they were saying back then to make your argument, because it's not true.
It's clearly about slavery.
But you could do that.
I don't think you can do that with the Revolutionary War being about guns.
Absolutely not.
Because I don't think that...
Do you know what...
I don't think the primary disagreement between the British and us was gun ownership.
Do you know what the primary disagreement that is a through line between the Revolutionary
War and the Civil War?
What's that?
Rich people are fucking us over.
Yeah, that's true.
That's what the argument has been.
That's what the argument has always been.
And in the Revolutionary War, it was the rich British are fucking us over.
Yep.
And the Civil War...
It was the rich Southerners are fucking us over.
Yeah.
It was the rich...
The rich people are...
Okay, and I don't want to pull out a...
And the Southerners were rich because they were enslaving people.
Exactly.
And it wasn't even the Southerners.
It was a very small number of Southerners.
And then it was racism.
It was the propaganda that they'd been fed the whole time about how black people aren't
even really people.
It is always...
And I'm not gonna pull a hardcore socialist argument out.
I am just going to point out the same thing that has always been true, that it's a rich
man's war and a poor man's fight.
Rich people always wind up fucking fine.
They always wind up winning, regardless of who wins.
Oh, fuck, fucking fuck.
Fuck you.
They're smart.
They're fucking insane.
I mean smart in terms of cunning, in terms of an evil ability to, no matter what the
outcome, I'm gonna benefit from it.
They're privy to more information than everybody else.
They're not smart.
It's like insider training.
It's not like they're brilliant.
It's that they know a day...
The guys who voted on the healthcare bill were like, okay, well, we're gonna invest
in the same day on companies that stand to profit from this exact vote.
It's not that they're smarter than us.
It's that they're fucking us over.
But it's manipulating a system that we allow to continue.
Yeah, exactly.
So Jordan.
Yes.
Before September 15th, something really fucked up happened.
September 14th, Donald Trump had a rally in Texas, and Joe Biggs went to the rally.
Oh, I bet he has some insider information we would never have found out without him.
Now, I have a couple clips from Joe Biggs reporting about going to the Trump rally that
I think bring into sharp focus the moment when Alex Jones realized Trump's the way to
go.
Really?
Yeah.
No shit.
Now, I'm not entirely sure about this, and Alex doesn't give a lot of indications that
I'm correct, but I will make my argument over the course of the next three or four clips.
Two or three hours, basically, is what you just said.
No, we got way more than that.
Here is the first clip of Joe Biggs reporting about going to the Trump rally.
And again, it is not what you'd expect.
Gotta get to the Trump situation.
So you're up there for Lord Trump-ish.
What happened?
I went in there with an open mind, you know?
He says a lot of good things out there, you know?
He's definitely a crowd pleaser, and I wrote down on this piece of paper that he was lackluster.
He's lackluster in the sense that he's not motivated or convicted in a sense when it
comes to the issues at hand.
Issues that a presidential candidate should be, you know, have conviction in, have knowledge
in.
When he's asked certain questions about these issues, he doesn't have a really good answer.
He doesn't know what he's doing.
Because he doesn't know what they fucking are!
They're kind of reminding me of Rodney Dangerfield with these one-liners, like, hey, we got a
border problem, huh?
What are we going to do about it?
Let's build a wall.
All right, so what is a wall going to do?
All he does is he brings problems to the table without a solution.
And that's what I heard last night, a whole lot of problems being brought to the table
without him giving any kind of clear path to how he was going to give a solution to
these issues.
We know a wall won't work contiguously.
What really works is prosecuting people that hire illegals.
So at this point, Joe Biggs is doing slightly reasonable reporting.
That actually sounds pretty reasonable.
And I'm going to get into this next clip, but that's the beginning of the two of them
kind of advocating for reasonable, moderate immigration reform.
And Trump, er, Jones saying that a wall won't work is mind-boggling.
When months later, he's screaming about a wall.
We need a wall.
Yeah, absolutely.
No.
A wall is the most important thing.
Yeah.
Guatemala, there's a wall on the border of Guatemala and Mexico.
Which there isn't.
He even has, later, like a couple days past this, he has an interview with Jesse Ventura.
And Jesse Ventura lives in Mexico, and he's like, what about the wall between Mexico and
Guatemala?
And he's like, I don't know if that exists.
It doesn't.
It 100% doesn't.
Of course not.
He's like, I've never been down there.
I don't know.
Like, well, they're also looking into it.
It doesn't exist.
The last wall that was similar to the one that Trump proposes was the Berlin Wall.
Which Jesse Ventura also brings up a bunch, and he's great for it.
But at this point, like, Joe Biggs is making sense.
He's absolutely making sense.
Trump has a bunch of-
He's about to bring the hammer down.
Not yet.
Trump has a bunch of problems.
No solutions.
He's up there.
He doesn't have a grasp of the issues.
A lot of bluster.
Doesn't know what he's talking about.
He's just coming in with Rodney Dangerfield-style one-liners.
All this is, but he's a showman.
Right.
Kind of makes sense.
In this next clip, they talk a little bit more about immigrant stuff, and Alex is, like,
surprisingly moderate.
It's very weird.
For the months that we've listened to him screaming about how the globalists are trying
to flood us with, you know, people who may need to get rid of them, or not let them in,
this-
Comparing the man-
Hold on.
Listen to-
Comparing the man we know now versus the man that we're talking about-
No.
I'm talking about the last few months in 2015.
Oh, in 2015.
Okay.
Yeah.
He's been screaming about fucking immigrants the whole time that we've been doing this
investigation.
No, absolutely.
Yeah.
So, I mean, I'm not talking about present-day Alex.
I'm talking about the present-day Alex versus the previous Alex in terms of the wall.
Right, right, right.
That boggles my mind.
It's nuts.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's nuts.
It's complete evidence that he's sold himself out.
His principles mean nothing.
Agreed.
So, here is the- I've labeled this clip, Joe and Alex seem very moderate on immigration
reform.
You know, Donald Trump said in two years he's going to have every illegal out of the country.
The only way you could do that, it was just like I was fucking Michaela Thelen back there,
it would be like Nazi Germany.
They're going to have to go door to door and find out, are you an American?
I need to see proof.
And that's what's going to happen.
That's the only way you're going to get all the illegals out.
But then at the same time, you still have illegals in the country who want to do good.
And we're not even saying- all we're saying is don't say free welfare, free babies, come
here and have the Democrats sign them up to anti-gun groups and give them fake voting
cards.
Guns!
But at the same time, that's reasonable.
If that was his actual position and if it reflected reality in any way, that's a pretty
reasonable position.
It's not terrible.
It's not what he actually believes, but it's the way he presents things.
Joe Biggs-
That's like a McCain Republican idea.
Like in 2008 when McCain ran, like that's the kind of idea of like, hey, we know a lot
of people are good, but we just don't want you taking advantage of a system.
And so we're going to do things- we're going to take steps to stop that.
And as we already have covered when Jesse Ventura was last on, he was talking about
like, I'm not sure if these people are getting the programs that you say they are.
They're not because it's not possible.
Right.
But if they are, why would you not blame the system as opposed to the person who is just
trying to survive?
Exactly.
And that is a far more reasonable stance.
But Joe Biggs is coming in here and Trump is saying he's going to get rid of all the
illegal immigrants.
And he's like, that's impossible without turning into a fucking police state.
Probably not.
Which would require some sort of tyranny.
Yeah.
Joe Biggs is pushing back against that and Alex is fine with the push.
It's crazy.
This next clip- Do we just diverge entirely from that?
No, not yet.
No, not yet?
What's happening?
This next clip is still sensible.
We're not even critics of Trump here.
I mean, Joe just wanted to see what he was really like.
Yeah, but a lot of it is like a Rodney Dangerfield one liner.
Why do folks like him so much then?
He's a crowd pleaser.
He definitely knows how to work a crowd and that's what he was doing.
He didn't have, the first thing he talked about when he showed up, hey, this is teleprompter
free.
We don't have any.
And he rambled on about how you made $215 million on The Apprentice.
It took 30 minutes before he even named an issue.
And when he did, he talked about this vague tax plan that he had and that in a few weeks
he's going to release this- Sure, he appealed like a carnival barker
to success.
But everyone was in there screaming and yelling, women crying, babies screaming, signs flying
up through the air.
Well that just shows how desperate people are.
So basically he's just saying there's no substance to what he's saying.
He's a showman, he's a carnival barker.
But at the end there, they're talking about how even with that lack of substance, people
are going crazy.
They were in an arena that was full of people.
Trump is able to draw these crowds, these massive crowds, that are mind blowing.
Oh, he would be booked at the improv immediately.
Totally.
He could do a set.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
He's like Steve-O.
He's terrible, but fuck it.
Yeah, he can get a weekend.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, of course.
Trump's stapling his balls to his leg.
Now I'd pay for that.
Yeah, well.
So I think that this is sort of- I would pay for me stapling Trump's balls
to his leg.
Yeah, you need to do it.
That's weird.
Oh, I need to do it.
So this next clip, I think we've heard a lot of a very reasonable perspective that Joe
Biggs has from going to this Trump rally, but I think we're going to start to see here-
It's gonna start to deteriorate?
Well maybe-
This will be the beginning of the end?
Maybe.
And I'll make my point after this clip and the next one.
Also, do you know how great Todd Glass is?
It's hilarious.
I can't- any time you bring up Rodney Dangerfield now, I don't think of Rodney Dangerfield.
I think of Todd Glass doing Mitch Hedberg jokes in Rodney Dangerfield's voice.
He's the best.
It's just amazing.
Anyway, not the best is this.
Well, I definitely had an agenda when I went up there as well.
I wore my Hillary for a prison 2016 t-shirt under my suit.
By the way, that's a best seller.
We have photos.
At least you sent me those photos, Joe.
Yeah, yeah, they should be all on my Twitter right now as well.
And I have footage of myself, I'm in the front row, I suck up to the front row, and I'm sitting
there, I'm kind of getting nervous a little bit, I was like, alright, I gotta do it, I
gotta do it.
And I undid my shirt like Superman, and you can see the Hillary for prison shirt, and
I jumped up and screamed right in a lull, like a little silence part, and I go, Hillary
for prison!
And Trump's like, yeah, Hillary, and he's like, pointing at me.
So if you guys have that clip, we can show it really quick.
Did not happen.
Oh, we have a video clip of that?
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, I didn't even know we had that video clip.
I just gave it to Nico.
Did that for real happen?
It did.
It did.
And it was, uh, Trump is in the middle of saying something that the crowd likes, and
Joe Biggs rips his shirt open, and he's got Hillary for prison, he yells Hillary for prison,
and Trump is like, you know who's not surging in the polls?
Hillary.
And he's like, thank you.
And he just points over at Joe Biggs.
That's the extent of the interaction.
But hear me out on this.
So Joe Biggs has been jerking off for three years based on that, right?
Joe Biggs went there as a marketing possibility.
The idea of going there and finding out what's going on with Trump was secondary to the idea
of field testing this Hillary for prison shirt.
So he goes there as a marketing opportunity because Trump has pulled an arena full of
people to Texas, which there might be audience crossover with.
So Joe Biggs goes down there, he does the Superman thing, and people seem to really
like it.
Now listen to this next clip.
Oh no.
So I opened up my shirt, and the entire crowd erupted.
And you could see these different reporters or a man gets standing ovation for showing
his Hillary for prison shirt.
And it got to a point where I just ended up pulling the blazer off in the top and just
had the shirt going.
And see, anybody could have done what you gotta love the fact you always went with great
ideas.
You're always making the news.
You're always making people, you know, linking to what we're doing.
Great job, Joe.
Well, I'm telling you, I probably told the least.
This is probably, you know, nice.
Maybe a thousand people with Infowars was, I want to see the spike in the site last night
because people were all on their phone.
Where do I get that?
I was like, you gotta go to the Infowars store, man.
You're gonna love it.
So sorry about the sound on the clips from this episode.
It was just glitchy and there was nothing I could do about it.
But beyond that, I think that this is the moment.
This is it.
The Hillary for prison shirt.
It's because of the potential sales of Hillary for prison shirts that they pull on the...
They don't say it there at all.
But I fucking love and hate how my perspective keeps changing based on the information that
we keep getting.
But I legitimately think that that moment for them is transformative.
Holy fuck.
Because they realize this is a whole market we can tap into.
Your argument is Alex Jones loves Trump now because of t-shirt sales.
Well, even go beyond t-shirt sales.
It's a market, a fertile market that we can tap into.
Alex Jones couldn't get an arena of people to show up somewhere.
Of course not.
Trump shows up to town.
He's got a whole stadium full of people.
Joe Biggs comes in, charms them, does some like grifty door to door salesmanship with
their shirts.
I imagine behind the scenes they did...
What do I need you to do to get you into a t-shirt today?
I imagine, I don't know this, but I imagine behind the scenes they saw a spike in traffic
to the site.
Everybody got a bunch of sales from it and they're like, this might be something we need
to do.
Wow.
So I think that...
I mean, I think we always knew that there would be some sort of crass capitalism to
it.
Totally.
But this is, this is too much, right?
Well, that's field testing it though.
Yeah.
That's taking it to the streets.
Taking it to the streets.
All right.
Quote the doobs.
All right.
We're done with that.
So that's where we leave off on the 15th.
There's a whole bunch of other dumb bullshit that happens on that show.
Alex Jones does reveal, he doesn't want to reveal it, but he does say that it costs him
over $15 million to run Infowars for a year.
Okay.
So if you take that number and you consider...
That seems, that seems honest.
That seems to make sense, right?
About $15 million makes sense.
Well, yeah, it's, it's in the realm of believable, especially considering he runs it out of
Texas and what have you, but...
Say he's exaggerating as always.
I would say $10 million does make sense though.
That's me in the middle at 12th.
But be that as it may, it doesn't matter.
I'm glad you and I can come to a detente on this.
It doesn't really matter whether the number is 10 or 15, because the money bomb that we're
about to get into, because we're about to jump into the 16th, which is the beginning
of the money bomb, 28 hour live broadcast.
Jesus.
He doesn't, he's trying to make a million dollars.
Yeah.
So that...
Publicly, he's trying to make a million dollars.
Right, but...
He's trying to make a certain amount of money.
Hopefully it's a million.
Right.
But all of the things that he says he wants to do with that million dollars is weird hypothetical
stuff about shooting the show into Europe, which he said, which he said already, I'm
not, we are not going to do that immediately.
We're going to get the satellites, blah, blah, blah.
Of course not.
The best of it is stuff he's already doing, paying for reporters, paying for cameras,
paying for syndication, paying for closed captioning.
He's doing all of that already.
So all of that million dollars is just operating expenses that he already has accrued.
The idea that he needs this million dollars for future stuff is absurd.
If you watch, I watch them, because these are, I watch this shit on YouTube, his studio
looks exactly the same as it does now.
There's no, from 2015 to 2017, there is no discernible change that has been made in terms
of the studio.
Yeah, but there's upkeep.
There are no people who are there that aren't...
Rappaport.
No, fuck off.
Rappaport works for free.
Rappaport probably does work for free.
Rappaport's a soldier.
Rappaport probably does work for free.
But hear me out, the way I wanted to end that sentence is there isn't a greater number of
people that work there that aren't balanced out by the less number of people who have
quit since this change happened.
So there isn't really like a wide expansion that has happened.
He's pretended that an expansion in his audience has happened, but if you look at these statistics
that are available on Quantcast and other tracking sources, that hasn't happened.
If you look at the numbers that are on his YouTube videos even, they aren't what he says
they are.
Unless you add all of them up and assume that all of them are different people.
But be that as it may, he's trying to raise money for a fictitious thing that didn't happen.
Yeah, now I understand your point.
To me though, it seems like it's exactly the same thing as an NPR, like, hey, we do live
entirely upon public money.
But because he can't supplicate himself, because he can't be somebody who asks for operating
costs, he has to say it this way.
It's possible.
So to me, it's a-
Like a hyper-masculine NPR?
It's a fundraiser.
It's a hyper-masculine fundraiser.
That's what it seems like to me so far.
Right.
So basically, NPR is not going to go hypothetically out of business if they don't make the money
by the end of the year.
True.
And I feel the panic in Alex.
I don't think he's going to go out of business, he would have to downsize.
Reduce his standard of living.
Yeah, exactly.
The reason that it strikes me as false, and I understand what you're saying, and I think
there is a kernel of it.
Because I know that it's easy for us to give a pass to NPR, because we're bougie-ass liberals,
and be like, hey, Alex is trying to raise money, what a dumbass.
And that's what he would think we're doing.
Which, by the way, you can donate to Knowledge Fight if you go to the Knowledge Fight website
and click on our link.
Thank you to all the policy wonks.
But that's not-
No, for real, thank you to all the policy wonks.
That's not at all what I'm getting at.
The circumstances of it are much more interesting, because he's presenting a fictitious expansion
of the show.
So that's one.
Right.
He's saying it at the end of the fiscal year, which is two.
And then the third is he's in this will-they-won't-they situation with Trump that is super fucked
up.
That's the thing I think we're talking about.
It's not about that he needs money.
It's that because he needs money, there is motive there in order to make the pivot.
That's what we're talking about.
And NPR is never going to do a fundraiser and then stealth vote for a candidate because
of it.
No.
Legitimate news sources don't have-they aren't doing subversive marketing.
The Guardian is now saying, hey, journalism needs to be paid for.
And rather than put us behind a paywall, we need you to donate to it, or we'd like it
if you donated to it.
At no point would the Guardian all of a sudden become the fucking Daily Mail because Trump
gave them-well, at least we would hope not.
I would hope not.
Because Trump gave them ten million dollars or whatever.
Ultimately I believe that there is probably a future better civilization that involves
all public financing for presidential campaigns, political campaigns, and journalism.
Public financing for campaigns and journalism does make a lot of sense.
Those sorts of things need to be incredibly unbiased.
And it's impossible to have no bias, like we fucking hate Alex Jones and we hate Trump.
But at the same time- Whoa, I'm unbiased about Trump.
I think you can go back and look at my previous statements and note that I have no bias.
Our bias is incredibly clear, but at the same time when Alex Jones has said stuff that's
like yeah, rock and roll, we've been totally cool with it.
We don't hate him in such a way that we will never give him props.
Also Alex, you really need to look into what Jeff Sessions is doing with civil asset forfeiture.
Oh my god.
So far, no comment on that that I've seen.
Unbelievable.
He might have talked about it and I missed it.
If it did, I apologize.
So if Sessions did or didn't commit a crime- He did, he did.
Because he's under investigation for it, don't we get to take his stuff by his own rules?
That's a great point.
Don't we get to steal his stuff?
You gotta steal those assets.
I want to seize his assets.
So- Can we make a citizen's civil forfeiture?
That would be great.
I would just like to take maybe 60 bucks from him.
Oh, absolutely.
Help me get to the end of the month.
So speaking of things that have to do with money, Jordan, it is time for the money bomb!
Here's the bad news.
The money bomb?
Let's edit that out.
Let's edit out our- Oh, that's staying in.
That's staying in.
Don't worry.
All right.
That, the money bomb, is incredibly boring.
Of course it is.
27 hours or whatever the fuck it was?
I didn't watch any of it that didn't have Alex Jones on it.
Smart.
But there is one piece that I wish I had watched, that I didn't watch, and I won't.
Because why would I do that?
Why would I put myself through it?
Yeah, you've already hurt yourself enough on our behalf.
Here's something that we didn't realize about the money bomb.
It is at the end of the fiscal year.
But do you know what else happened on September 16th?
No!
The second Republican presidential debate.
Ooooh.
So they timed it to be on the night of the debate.
Oh shit, that's really smart.
Yeah.
That's really smart of them.
Yeah.
You gotta give them credit for that.
That's brilliant.
So during the debate, what they did is Leanne McAdoo, David Knight, and I think Rob Doo?
I can't remember the third person.
But they had a panel that Mystery Science Theatered the debate.
So what they did is they had their silhouettes on the desk.
No shit.
All on the backs of their heads.
Wow.
Fucking wow.
And I saw a couple clips of it and it's lunacy.
They didn't even hire Mike Nelson for like a day?
Nothin'.
No, no professionals on this.
No fake robot either.
Like you could, Alex, it would be so easy to just create a robot to put in there.
You could get even probably the real gypsy.
Who cares?
Oh, yeah.
He hates gypsies though.
I should be good about that.
Alright.
I don't like even using the word gypsy.
On October 10th he did talk about how the gypsies have free reign to steal RVs in Europe.
Nope.
Nope.
Nope.
Yep.
That's a fucking racist thing from the 1700s.
What are you doing talking about gypsies?
It's wild.
So the schedule of the 27 hour, 28 hour broadcast was really disappointing.
They had that, you know, Mystery Science Theater, blah blah.
They had Alex Jones for his show on the beginning of it on the 16th.
The Alex Jones show on the 17th.
Beyond that it was just like, they're reporters, tag teamed, like Kit Daniels did a show.
Never heard Kit Daniels name.
He's a writer.
He's a writer guy.
He's not really on air all that much.
Some of these...
That always goes well when you put a writer guy on air.
Some of these other guys, like just people, Rob Doo interviewed Leo Zagami, the Illuminati
insider who hates the Pope.
They did that at midnight.
Not at midnight.
That was like 2am.
It was just nonsense.
They had fucking Paul Joseph Watson doing a bunch of stuff on the off hours because
he's on Greenwich Mean Time.
So it's, again, you're doing an overnight thing where no one has to stay up overnight
except for Rob Doo.
But be that as it may.
Look, Rob Doo is kind of our tortured slave of Infowars here.
I start to like him more and more as time goes on and I'm not comfortable with that.
He's kind of, to me...
He's an everyman.
He's kind of a Charlie Brown, like there's the football right there and Rob Doo is about
to kick it and it is always pulled out from underneath him.
I think behind the scenes he's probably way worse than he appears because he just seems
so boring.
I bet behind the scenes he's a dick.
Probably.
He's been able to stay in this business for like years.
That's a really good point.
Unless he's Renfield.
Have you considered that he is actually mind controlled by Alex Jones?
No, because I don't consider those sorts of things because they're lunatic.
I think there's a decent chance there's a good person behind Rob Doo and that sucks
because he's so fucking boring.
But be that as it may, what we're going to be talking about is specifically and only
the Alex Jones portions of the Money Bomb.
So we're going to start with the 16th, Alex Jones wants to talk to you about his audience
size.
Oh boy.
I bet it's pretty big.
They brought in the metrics to my house last night, Buckley Hammond and Anthony Gucciardi
that I have working with outside IT consulting firms and they said you're giving people two
year old numbers, here they are.
They pulled them up in front of me on all the big third party sites and our own internal
server systems.
Info Wars now reaches 41 million individual different people a month.
It has a reach of 1.4 billion total views on the website.
If you count all of our social media, it is several billion more individual users.
We did a metric run with a major company and looked at our YouTube views just on the top
500 sites carrying our videos and it's over 150 million views a month and so they're now
collating all of that data we'll be releasing soon, but it appears we're reaching upwards
of three and a half billion individual people per month.
There is six billion people that have some access to the internet, some access three
and a half.
How many people even live on the planet in your world?
It's insane.
What?
What?
In full disclosure.
So six out of the seven billion people on this fucking planet have internet access.
Which isn't true at all.
That's not even close to true.
No.
Three point two, three point, between three point two and three point six billion have
internet.
Oh, okay.
Well then all of them, all of them are Alex Jones listeners.
Here's something that's very interesting, 700 billion of those people who have internet
access.
700 million of those people.
I'm sorry.
700 million of those people live in China.
None of them have access to Infowars.
Oh, that's right.
They don't even have access to it.
No way.
It's censored.
That's almost.
Holy shit.
That's almost a billion of the people who have access to the internet, who have a censored
internet.
Alex Jones spends all of his time talking about the chai comms and shit.
There's no way they can do the filter.
Yeah, there's no way they can watch, no shit.
Of course not.
So that's 700 million of them.
Now it's literally impossible.
Well that covers, so he said there's six billion listening to him, right?
So that 700 million covers the extra billion.
No, no, because he's talking about the people who have access to the internet.
Oh, that's right.
It's only three and a half million who actually listen, or three and a half billion who actually
listen to him.
No, no, no.
He's saying that they reach.
They reach.
What does that even fucking mean?
It's bullshit internet social media nonsense.
It's the same reason he says that Paul Joseph Watson's videos have millions of views.
It's because they post them on Facebook, and people scroll past it, it auto plays, and
that counts as a play.
It's the same-
Is that real?
Yeah.
That actually counts as a play?
Yeah.
You look at all these nonsense videos that no one's watching, like ad videos, and it
says like two million-
I haven't been on Facebook for a good year.
I remember this from back when I was trolling around on that dumb site.
Looking up old girlfriends.
That's what most people do, but also we really, really have to point out he's double, triple,
and quadruple counting shit.
There's absolutely no way, because he's talking about the top 100 sites that post our videos.
Which we've already established is he's at like what?
He's not even in the top 200?
No, no, no.
He's talking about the places that post his-
Oh, okay.
Okay, okay.
Do you understand how YouTube's analytics work?
Yes.
Well, I mean no, but as you've explained them to me in regards to Alex Jonesy, yes.
If you embed a video on your blog, let's say, from YouTube, and someone plays it from the
blog, it counts as a hit on YouTube.
But if there is this blog post that is about your video, you can count that as another
hit.
So it's two hits for every single person who does either.
Right.
So you've already doubled your hits even though it's only one view.
Yeah, and Alex Jones is doing that all over the fucking place.
So if there's like five websites, all of them you read because you're an avid info warrior.
Right, and there's probably like-
You get 10 views.
WorldNetDaily reposts their stuff.
Breitbart has in the past reposted their links and their videos.
Well, just with the emails Trump has sent out to all of his donors with Info Wars links
on it.
And he's actually, like in that link, there was a video embedded.
Yeah, of course.
So that counts.
That counts double.
There's massive manipulation going on there in terms of the audience size, and that is
exactly how you want to start the Money Bomb.
Of course.
That's how you want to start it.
We're reaching 3.5 billion people a month.
That's everyone in the world, because consider it.
Think about how many children there are.
You know what I'm saying?
We talk about there being seven billion people, seven and a half billion people in the world.
How many of those people are under 12?
Most of them are dying and most of them are just born.
Yeah.
So 3.5 billion is every adult basically.
Yeah, that is basic.
That's more than every adult.
Basically.
Wow.
And then you consider the amount of people who have no internet access, you consider
the Chinese, and they're not the only country that restricts the internet.
No, of course not.
So you have other countries that have blocked internet, and you consider that-
Saudi Arabia.
Absolutely.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You consider those populations, his numbers make no fucking sense.
His best way of trying to-
At best, he's reaching 10 guys.
Yeah.
And one of them's me.
Yeah.
So you're down 10%.
Exactly.
Yeah.
And he tries to sort of like couch it and he's like, now maybe people are coming to
our site from different devices, so maybe we're reaching a billion a month.
So would you-
And even that's crazy.
So wait, so if you check your Facebook on your computer, and then you check your Facebook
on your phone, that counts as a different view.
Well, I think if you track IP addresses, yeah, I think that is the case.
Especially if you're using mobile, like if you're on the bus and you check your Facebook,
it would be different than you checking it on your laptop at home.
So that's multiple views on top of that.
Yeah.
And it makes it incredibly difficult to tell exactly what your metrics are, unless you
have-
Not sort of-
He's not doing legit work in terms of his statistics.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
It's so crazy to me, but I love it.
Of course not.
I love it.
I love it.
That's the kind of stuff I love.
Because after that-
Because it's math.
There's no arguing with math.
But all of this other stuff, we can deal with reality versus non-reality.
And there is a question there, and there are kernels of truth.
In this regard, it is pure analytics, you're lying.
And I cut the clip-
And you know you're lying.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I cut the clip, and where he goes from there is to talk about how like, I'm humbled
that I'm talking to this many people.
It's like, do you know you're lying?
What's going on here?
It's just this present-
He knows.
It's just this presentation of humility that's really fascinating.
But-
He has to know.
There's no possible way he doesn't know.
Alex, beyond his bullshit about his audience size, he has some other things he wants to
talk about on the Money Bomb.
In this next one, Jordan, I've said a lot of things are not true that Alex Jones says
in the past.
This one-
I don't know how many, but it's astronomical.
It's maybe three and a half billion things that you have said are not true that Alex
has said.
That is bigly not true.
Ooh, I don't like that one.
Because I never get scared when I'm awake during the day.
I always start crying when I think about this, because I don't want to leave my kids alone
now more than ever.
My children need me now more than ever.
I'm pretty much the only people there for them, and I know in my heart that as all this
unfolds, this show's going to get bigger and more popular to a dangerous level, because
we know what's going on.
You got freaked out by Muslim girls in a Starbucks.
You're always scared.
I told my globalist that I'll be just fine until all this comes true, and then that's
when I better stop.
I want to go back there, because-
Yeah, go back and play that.
I got angry, and it screwed everything up.
I apologize.
That's all right.
And I've been told by top globalist that I'll be just fine until all this comes true, and
then that's when I better stop.
And the criticism is, what do you want money for if you're ready to stop?
Oh, I'm not going to stop during the collapse.
I'm going to go to the next level and put everything on the table and be all in.
That's what you do when the enemy comes in like a flood.
This is the end of the West, the end of humanity as we know it.
This is a total satanic takeover.
Don't you understand it's real?
No, it's not.
But you got told by a top globalist.
What top globalists are talking?
George Soros?
Is he hanging out with Soros?
Why is he...
What?
Okay.
I believe that the globalists are demonic beings from a different dimension.
Which I would say, if that is true, if you see one, kill it.
Yeah, right?
Right?
Why would you have a patient conversation?
Why would you go to a cocktail party with one?
Hey, listen.
I know you're a demonic monster hell-bent on destroying humanity, but come on, you got
any juicy inside tips for me?
I'm doing a radio show.
Come on, man.
Am I safe?
Yeah.
Am I?
That's right, because that's what he's talking about.
Yeah.
He's talking to these top globalists who are like, keep on your shit.
Well, no, this goes back to what we...
Until we win, in which case you better get out.
This goes back to what we were talking about at the beginning of this episode, this idea
of the internet version of the elites and the Illuminati.
They need to have everyone know what they're doing.
Right.
It's that lesser magic idea.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You need to know what we're doing to you, and then if you don't do anything, you consent
to it.
They're using Alex as a conduit to tell people what they're doing to them.
And if they don't fight back, then whatever.
Un-fucking-believable.
But what's magical about that entire line of argument is, hey, the only way to really
fight back is give Alex Jones money.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He's the only one who's saying this crazy bullshit.
I guess if I don't really support him, then I consented to being destroyed, and then demons
are gonna take over.
That is...
It's brilliant.
That is brilliant.
It's brilliant.
That is brilliant.
It's so fucking stupid.
I don't think you can...
I don't think most of his listeners would be able to articulate exactly what line of...
Or that train of logic that you just put forward.
No, because they have too much fluoride in the water.
But it makes perfect sense.
Of course.
If you're an insane person.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Or if you're just an afraid person, because that's what this...
It's not that these people are all insane, it's that they're terrified and they don't
know what's going on.
I've spent a lot of periods of my life in various stages of paranoia and anxiety.
I have mental illness, I've done a lot of drugs in the past, and so I know weird head
spaces.
Yeah.
And I can sort of...
I can suss out where things are coming from.
Right.
And I don't mean to put too fine a point on this, but I've dwelt in the weirdest parts
of the internet.
These conspiracy forums and these weird Illuminati forums, these message boards.
I've read all this stuff that people talk about, and none of it's based on anything,
and so much of it is mirrored in what Alex is talking about.
This idea of the lesser magic, the idea that we've got to tell you, then you're in.
It's so dumb.
It's so based on nothing, and it's so manipulative.
And that's what he's doing.
It's great.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
Top globalists say he's safe.
Why?
What?
Who is...
How is he even getting a meeting with top globalists?
He runs into them all the time.
Remember, he talked to that one on the plane.
Oh, that's right.
He runs into them all the time.
That's right.
And they keep calling him, trying to get him to join up.
They are everywhere.
They need to join up.
Absolutely.
No, no, no.
I got you.
They're always courting Alex Jones.
You're right.
So Alex...
He's a part of the mythology that, just like his fucking Prometheus bullshit, like, we
need to be more like Prometheus, who God loved.
And you're like, wait, no, hold on one second.
You don't understand.
No, no, no.
You misinterpreted that.
Oh, I did?
Yeah.
You misinterpreted that.
How so?
Because what he's saying is the God that I would be into, the elite version that I would
be into, is that one who brings us Promethean fire.
Now, Prometheus did bring us the fire, and then got his liver pecked out, and then brought
back everything.
He got wrecked for it.
Yeah, yeah.
But that's the human story.
But that's the sacrifice that he makes for humanity.
Yeah.
So Alex's point is actually very valid in that case, is that the God that I would worship
is the one that builds us up, because Prometheus did give us fire, and gave us that.
I don't think there is one.
No.
Also, there's not a God.
Shh, quiet.
We have a lot of Christian knowledge fighters.
Yeah, I bet we do.
I fucking bet we do.
If you do, God bless you.
I don't care.
I don't think there's anything intrinsically negative about religion.
I think it can bring a lot to your life.
No comment.
So this next clip, Alex Jones has been on his bullshit for about, bleh, ever.
About these liberals want to kill cops.
Yes.
Oh, God.
I don't want to get into the cop narrative.
No, this one's fun.
Okay.
He has an interview with this guy named James Wesley Rawls, who runs a site...
That's a great name.
It's not bad.
That's a great name.
Good for a serial killer, got three names.
Absolutely.
Oh, yeah.
He runs...
I would totally be serial killed by that guy.
He runs a website called survivalblog.com, where he tells you how to survive serial killers.
Like the globalists.
He tells you how to survive his own serial killings.
I think it's a lot of prepping stuff.
If you don't want to be murdered by me, here's a step-by-step list of instructions.
Piss me off.
Piss me off.
That's it.
That's the whole blog.
He is a guy who used to come on on Skype.
I'm basing this on what Alex has told us.
Okay.
He used to come on on Skype.
Now you don't even want your picture out there because you're so freaked out.
Too much.
Weirdo.
Gotcha.
So most of the show is an interview with this guy.
They get into talking about cop killing rhetoric and what have you, and here's that clip.
It's a paradox.
They're awake, but they still follow orders.
The citizens are awake.
We still put up with it.
Meanwhile, leftists are out killing police, so they're so fired up once we demonstrate
they'll attack us.
I wish there was some sophistication out there that everyone not be played like fiddles.
Right.
Well, right now we have a lot of people being played like puppets, indeed, where radicals
are being pushed toward killing police officers, for example, where, you know, there wasn't
even talk of that for about a twenty-five period in this country.
You have to go all the way back to late 1960s or early 70s with the Black Panther movement
to see, you know, at the time they referred to it as the kill the killers movement.
Fucking anybody.
That kind of went quiet for a long, long time in this nation.
And seeing that reemerge is very troubling.
That's very troubling.
What's more troubling?
Fucking listen to anybody who's not fucking white!
N.W.A. had fuck the police in 1988.
What does this do?
Body count had cop killer in 1992.
How many times does this happen?
This happens to so many white people.
9-1-1 is a joke.
Came out in 1990.
Granted, that wasn't cop killing, but that was...
So many white people always come with, uh, I've never heard this shit before.
When did they start talking about this?
Like fucking everybody, always!
I think that's really, like, when we talk about feminism and racism and these sorts
of things and how blind Alex is to so many things and how reactionary he is, a lot of
it really does boil down in some ways to, like, you're not listening.
You're not listening.
And maybe the larger avenue there is just that nobody was, nobody in your world was
talking about it.
Yeah, and no one...
Because that was, that was the thing, like, if you go back to the 80s with N.W.A., you
see all those local news spots going, like, is rap out of control?
Like all of those different things, and never are black people being murdered by the cops!
Now let's take, like, reality out of it and sensible discourse out of it.
Let's just remove that for a second.
Which is the entire focus of this podcast.
Think about how many people were fucking talking about taking out the police after the Rodney
King stuff.
Oh my god.
And that was not in the 60s.
No.
No, no, no, no.
So, I mean, like, even that is just a very clear example of fucking James Wesley Rawls
is an idiot.
Yeah.
He is a fucking ahistorical idiot.
Right.
But, hey, you know what, he's got a blog.
That's pretty cool.
God damn it.
So James Wesley Rawls is a nutty kind of dude.
One of his basic arguments that he's making within this interview is that the globalists
created radical Islam in order to fight against them.
Logical.
Like, they're fighting against the West, because they needed a better enemy.
Controlled opposition.
Yeah.
They needed, like, a-
We had the Nazis, now we gotta get Islam.
They need a scary enemy that they can fight against, and in that way curtail our freedoms
and then create a one-world religion that is partially Islamic, and a one-world government.
Sure.
It's nonsense.
But again, it doubles back into this shit that Alex talks about, where you're radicalizing
the enemy that you are imagining in order to justify your radical nature.
Yeah.
There's a ton of that in his discourse.
And this is the fucking money bomb.
Most of the show.
That's right.
This is the money bomb we're into.
Most of the show-
It's fear.
It's fear.
Yes.
Yeah.
Fear and-
The money bomb is fear.
Fear and we are much more numerous than you think.
You are not alone.
It's all of us.
There's 3.5 billion of us.
Don't feel bad.
Don't eat to us, because you're just one of- it's like when a busker has a dollar bill
already in his hat whenever he pulls it out.
You're priming the pot.
Exactly.
You're making sure that people know it's okay.
Yeah, there's 3.5 billion people behind you, but just fucking support us because we're
the only ones fighting these fake globalists.
Before Rawls gets out-
Can you imagine how much money he would have if he actually reached three and a half billion
people?
Well, if everyone gave him a quarter.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
We're considering the insane markup he has on these products, even when they're on sale,
which I didn't even mean to bring up, but let's fucking talk about it.
Okay.
Let's get into it.
During the money bomb, unprecedented sales-
Is it like an Easter sale?
Yeah, he's constantly-
30% off?
He's constantly talking about like, all right, got the brain force, that's on sale until
the show is over, got free shipping on everything.
Infomercial style.
He's basically talking about things being at cost, just like, got to move it, that sort
of thing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He's like, hey, this is a loss leader, everyone's going to come in and make money on it, which
is bullshit.
I mean, well-
He's pretending.
If you are looking at the end of the fiscal year though, just because you're-
You got to get that product out of there.
If you're selling it, it's revenue.
Because otherwise, yeah.
Otherwise-
It doesn't matter if you're making a profit on it or not, it's still money you have.
And it's not like that stuff you bought isn't going to factor into the end of the fiscal
year.
Of course, of course.
You're balancing the books in some ways, even if you sell it for no profit.
Yeah.
Which might-
I don't know when we got into business.
I don't know when this happened.
I'm an accountant.
Oh, that's right.
You are an accountant.
But it might still be like-
I'm just an interested party.
It might be indicative of the fact that he may be overbought and is in a hole, or just
is in a hole generally.
I don't know.
Anyway.
But Rawls, before he gets out of the episode, has to say one of the scariest things I've
heard a guest say on Alex Jones' show.
Oh boy.
Here we go.
There's going to be huge numbers of Christian refugees in the coming decades.
And I believe that there is actually a need for a new homeland nation for persecuted Christian
and messianic Jewish refugees who are going to be pushed out of countries in huge numbers
in the years to come.
And that's why I decided to write my Counter-Caliphate Chronicles series.
That first novel called Land of Promise describes the establishment of a Christian homeland
nation.
And I also made it fictionally a Christian libertarian nation to illustrate a lot of
other points.
But I do think that that is needed.
And we need to pray that God would provide a safe haven for persecuted Christians all
over the world.
I would argue that most of the time, when religiously specific countries have been created,
it hasn't gone great.
The thing I hear there, though, is that he's saying, so many Christian refugees, we need
a homeland nation, and we're creating a counter-caliphate.
Which is like, wait.
Counter-Caliphate is the name of his novel series that he's written.
But the point being, we hate this thing that is persecuting us, so let's make exactly that
thing.
But our version.
But our version.
Yeah.
That's insane to me.
That mentality pervades Alex Jones's guests.
Well, that's a good point.
I don't understand why you're shocked by that.
I know, but it just, well, and frankly, this is what we've been talking about for months
now.
Yeah, basically forever.
And it never fails to surprise me that people don't stop for one fucking second and think,
oh, well, this thing is bad, so let's not do this thing.
Well, because they have this...
But then again, then again, you know what?
At the same point, every Democrat said, you know, when they go low, we go high.
Not every Democrat.
Well, no, not every Democrat.
But Marty DeRosa, fucking policy wonk and friend of the show, he and I were having this
conversation where it's like, we all said when they go low, we go high, and now we're
kind of at the position where it's like, oh, when they go low, you fucking go goddamn lower.
Fucking get into there.
So I don't know.
I don't know, man.
When they go low, chop block.
Right?
I don't know.
Don't punch somebody when they've taken out your knees, like, I don't know.
It's not in any way justifying the idea of like, we need our own Christian...
No, pogroms.
Pogroms.
Okay.
So the rest of Alex Jones' September 16th show for the money bomb.
Before we go any further, I do think he's right.
There will be a lot of Christian refugees in the same way that there will be a lot of
refugees total.
Period.
Immediately following, like, considering the effects of climate change, what does happen
in our country in specific, right?
So right now, we have a shit ton of Muslim refugees from all of these places.
And but not entirely.
But not entirely.
It's not all Muslims.
But my point is that so many people are up in arms about this.
When we just start talking about refugees with no religion in front of it, think about
how many Christian refugees and how many all of these things...
Everyone's going to scapegoat depending on the adjective that is part of the refugee
part thing.
Exactly.
How many refugees...
How many Christian refugees?
What's the number before people start saying, well, we don't want any more refugees total?
It's the fun part of complaining about refugees stuff because like, hey, they're gonna be
Christians while you deny climate change.
Exactly.
It's a fun game to play.
Like, this is going to happen.
It's a fun, fun game.
What's the number, though?
Like how many...
For fuck's sakes, imagine we're talking about Rome.
All of the Catholics, for whatever reason, need to move.
How many people in the United States before it starts going like, well, we can't allow
any refugees in?
Regardless of religion, we just can't allow refugees in.
But let's even imagine a scenario wherein, and this may not be the case, I'm not saying
it necessarily is, but let's imagine a scenario where it just so happens that Muslim dominated
countries happen to be the places that are safer from climate change.
Let's imagine that.
Right, right, right, right.
So let's imagine like Saudi Arabia is a place that is unaffected by climate change.
And now these Catholics that are displaced from...
Because it's a fucking desert, so...
And now it's wonderful.
Yeah, now it's a fucking utopia.
So let's imagine that these Catholics from the south of Italy, where it's flooded to
shit, now have to find a place...
Venice is fucking gone.
Done.
Now they have to go somewhere, and they go into Saudi Arabia, and Saudi Arabia, I mean,
let's not unpack all of their negative cultural problems.
Let's just talk about people coming in.
Let's say that they have a way of life, and these Catholics come in and want to change
everything.
Yeah.
Ugh.
Ugh.
How is it that people can't do that next step thought?
I don't know.
Like think about that reciprocity.
I think people are too caught up in their identity.
Yeah, that's probably true.
That's why whenever we talk about Alex Jones, I don't like to call him a white supremacist.
I like to say that he's caught up in white identity.
White Christian male identity.
Because that I think is more to the point than saying he's a white supremacist.
It's way too easy to say that he thinks he's better than everybody, because of course he
does.
But what really motivates him is his identification with what makes him white, what makes him
male, what makes him Christian.
And I think that it's too threatening to a lot of people to imagine a world wherein that
identity is problematic to other people.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Because it becomes threatening.
That's the whole fight, right?
Like that's their whole argument is that because the demographics are changing, all of a sudden
they have the thought of, wait, maybe they start thinking what we think about them about
us.
I mean, I read a really interesting assessment of someone was pointing out that a lot of
homophobia is based on a fear by really aggressive, angry dudes that men will treat them like
they treat women.
And I think that there is a bit of that in...
That's a really good thought.
I think there's a lot of that in tons of this stuff.
Marx is afraid that minorities will treat him how he thinks about them.
It's reciprocity.
Yeah.
That's what they're really afraid of, all of their crimes coming back against them.
Right.
They're afraid of karma.
In many ways.
Yeah.
So the rest of the...
That's just the thing that I have always considered.
And it is one of those things in the later stages of Obama's presidency that I was concerned
about is because of that executive overreach, because of how much power we gave Obama, Trump
now has that power.
Like they just never...
We just never considered that it could be used against us.
That's not true.
In the...
I mean, I agree with the point, but when that was happening, when that executive power was
given to Obama, there were people such as myself and other folks, yeah, you as well,
who were like, this is not good.
There should not be like, and it goes back to Bush, the idea of being able to unilaterally
launch wars.
That sort of thing is not in the power of the executive.
The executive branch became way too strong.
And even with Obama in power, I know tons of Democrats and liberal-minded people who
are super against that.
And it wasn't enough.
It wasn't enough to sway the Congress, sway the actual people who made decisions.
Imagine...
Yeah, no, I'm out.
It just becomes...
I'm out.
That's insane.
It's insane.
It's political opportunism by the...
I mean, if we keep this conversation going more than 10 minutes, we're going to say,
let's overthrow everything.
Because I think...
This whole thing has been me just pushing you closer to my side.
Little do you know, I'm already there, but...
Don't reveal that.
Don't reveal that.
You're our cover.
You're our cover.
You're our cover.
So, September 16th...
I'm the revolution.
You're the one who's keeping us legitimate.
Part one of the Money Bomb.
It ends with a long interview with Dr. Group.
Dr. Group runs the fourth hour of the show before they hand it off to whoever dumbass...
Maybe Joe Biggs, I'm not entirely sure.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Who cares?
Yeah.
They keep the marathon going.
He's just trying to sell a lot of products.
He does a bunch of bullshit.
But before he leaves, before Alex leaves, he says that his predictions have never been
wrong, he's basically a psychic, and that his sixth sense is on fire like never before.
Race memory.
That's a quote.
My sixth sense is on fire like it's never been before.
First of all, I don't think you have a sixth sense.
Don't care.
I think that you are freaked out, certainly.
Then he had this quote that I thought was really fucking awesome, and it was, if you're
nouveau riche and you're not giving us money, or...
And then there's a long list of things basically that are just about giving him press, like
buying us a billboard, that sort of thing.
You're crazy.
If you're nouveau riche, is that the way he phrases it, like alright.
Because he wants to delineate between people who have money...
It's not old money.
It's not old money.
It's the new, it's the dot-com billionaires who he's really courting.
So now, here's where things get really fun.
Where is that?
Larry Jones did his show on September 16th, then he was due to come back from 10-11pm
to do an interview with Larry Nichols.
They were going to do an hour-long interview, and then they were going to premiere a documentary.
He sent people down to tape Larry Nichols at his house, whose address has been given
out on our show.
And his phone number, if you'd like to call him, please.
I think we blocked that out.
He's emailknowledgefight.com, and I will fucking give you his phone number, I don't give a
shit.
He gave it out on air!
He did.
And it's still on the internet.
On Alex Jones' channel.
But be that as it may, they sent them out there, they made a documentary, and Alex was
going to do an hour-long interview with Larry to, like, precede it.
Larry clearly didn't answer the phone.
Because the first half...
On purpose?
I think he was asleep.
The first half hour of the show is Alex Jones vamping like hell.
He's just talking about, like, my early days on radio were great.
It's just, like, it's so much filler for, like, the first 25 minutes of the hour.
There are two kinds of people.
People on the radio, and then people not on the radio.
What he's trying to do is he's trying to say things without getting into anything that
he can't bail from if Larry gets on the phone at any point.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And then that, like, that maintenance, like, let's, uh...
Yeah.
He's stretching.
Yeah, exactly.
And so about 25 minutes or so, 30 minutes in, Larry Nichols finally gets on the phone,
and they just talk about how much Hillary sucks, of course, because that's his bread
and butter.
And Larry Nichols drops this chestnut.
What Hillary needs to do, and what she's going to do, is she's going to make herself the
underdog.
That's why she released all this information about the servers.
Wait.
Hillary released her own, the information about the servers herself?
Yes, yes, because she needs to make herself the underdog, which is out of Larry Nichols'
playbook from way back in the Arkansas days.
They had to make Bill Clinton an underdog in order to make, because everyone loves an
underdog.
But Bill Clinton was the underdog.
Right.
That's nonsense.
Okay.
It's all, and if you actually look at Larry Nichols' actual history with the Clintons,
it doesn't...
No, that doesn't scan at all.
He wasn't involved with any of the stuff he says he was involved with.
No.
So that's his big sort of selling point, is that she did all this shit to herself, because
the Clintons and the Bushes are dynastic families.
They're always going to be at the top, so they have to make themselves the underdogs
in order for you to kind of care about them.
So he goes on to say, these next two things on the show that are dumb...
They only have 20 minutes or so to do their interview before they scream at you.
Yeah, because they've already bailed on so many hours.
And they spend 10 minutes of it with Alex Jones vamping more, because Larry Nichols
has to take his dog out to shit.
Oh!
It's crazy.
That's cute.
It's humanizing in some ways, but it's terrible radio.
It's terrible.
And Hitler's dog loved him.
Yeah.
But here is something that Larry Nichols predicts about Hillary that did not come true.
You said that first months ago.
Now it's in the news that Obama's after Hillary, and she's even attacking Obama now.
Yeah, here's what you will watch.
Here's what's coming.
They're following our playbook this time exactly, Alex.
She's going to start the tearing to her.
Now when Hillary goes out, she's going to tear up.
So that's misogynistic as fuck.
Now when Hillary goes out, she's going to tear up.
She's going to start crying.
She's going to start crying, because everybody respects a woman who cries.
Sure.
Everybody's going to be like, oh, this woman cries?
That makes me want her to be president.
There's no inherent misogyny behind a woman crying that, oh, fuck off.
Fuck you, Larry Nichols.
In the same way that Alex always complains that like, hey, you call me racist, and that's
your way of taking my power.
She believes that a woman starts crying, and now I've got to be chivalrous.
It's that same thing.
It's a load of bullshit.
Also, Hillary Clinton, say what you want about her, did not cry.
She came out and defended herself quite admirably.
No.
So, whatever Larry Nichols' idea.
Say whatever you want about Hillary's campaign.
Hillary fucking brought it.
You've got to give her that.
And she stood up to these attacks and didn't, I mean, she apologized for things that you
thought was like maybe an error in judgment, those sorts of things.
Yeah, the super predator shit.
Bad.
Yeah.
But didn't back down to this right wing conspiracy that mostly tracks back to Larry Nichols.
Yeah, exactly.
Like, Larry Nichols legitimately is such a problem in the world.
He's so terrible.
Wow.
And as much as he is a problem in terms of all the stuff he's done with the Clintons,
he's a huge problem in general.
Like I know he, we've talked about this, he was saying that Obama wants to become the
last president, because then he becomes king.
Like the Patton Oswalt bit about Bush, where he wants to become the last president.
Right, but he's not doing comedy.
Yeah, no, he's not very funny about this at all.
He will become the king, and then once he's the king, yes, he becomes the king of the
Muslims.
Yes.
Now...
Which will never stop.
That's funny.
That will never not make me laugh.
That's funny.
The king of the Muslims!
That's funny.
Yeah.
But, listen to this next clip of Larry Nichols, and realize how much he fucking hates Muslims,
and realize...
This is Nichols hating...
Yeah.
Okay.
This is no longer funny.
Alright.
I just can't believe it.
I just can't believe what, I mean, what type of psycho scum... you've been around these
people, but I mean, they weren't even that bad back then.
Have they gone crazy?
In my day, bad guys would look good today.
Bad guys back then, honestly, Alex, would be heroes today, if you can believe that.
Remember this term, Akbar El-Amin, Akbar El-Amin.
And what they're doing with this flood of immigrants that are going all over Europe,
it's the spread.
They're moving in.
They're setting up Caliphates, buddy.
Akbar El-Amin is when they spread, when they spread and they get into more...
You know, the first one comes in, well, gosh, he's a great little Muslim.
You know what?
They're just really nice people.
We could probably let another one in.
Well, then, in comes another one.
Well, you know, they're just really nice people.
But read the Quran, folks.
One day, every Muslim, one day, is gonna come to what they call the river of the bad.
You get more lung cancer, you fucking pile of garbage?
Three times in the Quran, it says, peace, love, dope.
You got it?
Three times.
Seventy some odd times, it says, try to convert to infidel.
Three times.
Oh my fucking God, read the Bible, you pile of...
Fuck you.
Fuck you.
Look what they did in Africa, Alex.
Convert to Islam or die.
Look at what Christians did to Africa.
We can't grow Christianity by saying either you believe in Jesus Christ or we're gonna
cut you at all.
Crusades.
They're growing.
Fucking, wow.
We in America have become cowards.
What are we gonna do now?
Why are you being racist against people saying I'm gonna kill you if you don't convert to
my religion?
That's liberal and crazy.
That's actually a really good question.
I can't help it.
I know, but I just can't help it.
Let me ask you this, Alex.
I'm gonna pose this question for you.
Dearborn, Michigan, you know, has got a huge population of Muslims.
They even do that little wacky thing, you know, every time of the day where they do
the prayer out on the loudspeaker.
The wacky...
Tell me exactly what would happen, Alex, if tomorrow morning we wake up in Dearborn, Michigan,
the Muslim community there declares itself a caliphate.
Now, what would happen?
They would say it's religious freedom to have that area of Michigan be under Islamic rule
and the government would submit to it and the left is promoting it.
There's no way, folks.
Do you really believe we would take our government in, Alex, and drive them out of there?
Yeah, probably.
I assume if it was like an insurrection of some sort.
I imagine.
We put down the whiskey rebellion with force.
It's not like we're new to the National Guard coming in to murder people.
Yeah.
But if we don't murder them out of the equation, the government did what it had to do with
the Bundy Ranch and that wildlife preserve.
They did it admirably without killing anybody, except for that one guy.
They killed that one guy, but he had it coming.
When you say admirably, you suggest that it's admirable that they didn't all die.
So much...
Now, I respect you for that opinion.
Hypothetical means a lot of restraint because...
The restraint I wish they afforded all other people that are white.
Right.
I 100% agree with that.
But his presentation of it like, what if they just declared a caliphate?
Like, well, that's a fun hypothetical, first of all, not happening.
Second of all, if it did, of course that wouldn't fly.
What if our country just broke into another and just declared a Christian nation?
What kind of monsters would we be?
Or what if, let's say, Dearborn, Michigan had a huge Christian population and they decided
we are going to be now a completely theocratic Christian city.
Oh, do you mean just Dearborn?
A lot of cities.
I don't know.
Oh, man.
How can...
I keep saying how can.
I keep saying how can, as if I don't get that the concept behind this is just...
You're like that girl on Clueless, like, as if.
I just genuinely believe that human beings are capable of some kind of rational thought,
and I'm consistently proven wrong.
And the worst part is I'm consistently proven wrong in the same fucking episode.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There's no rationality here.
So it's nuts.
Larry Nichols says a bunch of dumbass bullshit, as he's known to do on the streets.
As is his want.
Yeah.
And then they play...
On the streets, like he's in The Wire.
Yeah.
He's Marlowe out there.
Yeah.
My name is my name.
So Larry Nichols then, they play the documentary, and I don't have any clips of it because who
gives a fuck?
But, uh...
They actually...
Okay.
It's just him talking about how, like, now Hillary, she is not going to be taken down
by Benghazi stuff.
She's slippery.
But what's gonna take her down is the documents I have about Vince Foster's murder.
Oh, man.
Which we have already covered him saying that the document that he has about Vince Foster's
murder just miraculously showed up in his mailbox.
It's crazy.
Yeah.
It showed up in his mail.
He has no idea.
He gave out his address, and then the document proving, uh, Vince Foster was killed, I gave
out his mail.
Yeah.
No, but no.
Maybe someone falsified that based on how you keep going on right-wing radio shows.
Uh-uh.
Yeah.
I got a Twitter DM saying it was true.
Yep.
That's Paul Joseph Watson style.
There we go.
So, like, it is that.
And he's just like, ah.
But there's one moment of true comedy where he talks about how, I used to be a bad man.
I was involved with the Clintons, and then my dad got lung cancer.
And while he's talking about that, the video is him smoking a cigarette on his porch.
I don't know why he got lung cancer.
It's probably some globalist plot.
They have cures for lung cancer, don't they?
His life-changing moment that he's describing is brought on by the thing he's doing in the
video.
It's crazy.
Like, I couldn't be involved with these Clintons anymore.
What about the drugs they brought in my daughter was doing?
So was it, like, with Larry Nichols, was it really just him kind of getting fucked over
and then realize that he had it?
He got fired.
Yeah, but then he just realized he had a gig just talking shit about the Clintons?
I don't think.
Like, that was the genesis of so much horrific.
I don't think he had any idea how well this was gonna work out.
Oh, that's possible.
I think he was a bitter, vindictive dude who was a piece of shit, and was involved—
Was?
Is a piece of shit.
He was involved with—
Until he dies, and we are gonna call him on that day.
And I'm not entirely sure what the circumstances were, but he was involved with the Contras.
Yeah.
Like, he was involved with, like, Ollie North and all them.
That's why he got fired from Clinton's White House.
Oh, do you mean legitimately?
Yeah.
Crazy.
He was involved in collecting collect calls and shit like that to Nicaragua.
And that's why he ended up getting fired, because it was a completely traceable thing.
We have a call for you from Larry Nichols.
Will you accept the charges?
Hang up.
Hang up.
No.
He's just gonna complain about his dog shitting.
But like, that is—
This motherfucker has loon kings here.
Come on, man.
He was involved as a functionary, like he was hired in some way.
I'm not entirely sure what other connections he had at that point.
That's very difficult to trace.
But he got fired, he blamed Bill for it, and then created this elaborate backstory that
has been shown to be mostly false repeatedly.
On so many, so many levels.
Again, we've talked about this a bunch, but it bears repeating if you haven't listened
to all of our episodes.
He was on a right-wing radio show and claimed to be an assassin who killed people for hire
for the Clintons.
He was their hired assassin.
He said that on a radio show, and then when asked about it said, I was high on pills when
I was on that show.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I didn't mean to say that, I never would have said that.
That's the kind of person we're talking about.
Once again, important to note, Vince Foster killed himself.
It was not a murder.
Yeah.
The reason that most people think it's a murder is because of this document that just mysteriously
showed up in Larry Nichols' mailbox.
And fucking Rush Limbaugh and Sean Hannity.
But a lot of that is from Larry Nichols' stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, exactly.
They were the ones who publicized it.
But what they cite is shit.
They were the judge report of their time.
Yes.
Yeah.
But the idea that his body was moved, all that stuff.
The Clintons forced the Park Department to take the murder investigation instead of the
FBI.
All that stuff comes from Larry Nichols.
Sure.
And it's...
I've seen the document that Larry Nichols has, like they've played it on the Alex Jones
show.
It's crazy that it was written in crayon.
Yeah.
It's really ludicrous.
It might as well have been.
Yeah.
So anyway, that is the late night portion of the 16th.
Now we get to the 17th.
The Money Bomb.
The end of the Money Bomb.
The Money Bomb comes to a close.
We are now about 24 hours into the Money Bomb.
Jesus.
And Alex Jones is trying to raise a million dollars.
What kind of lunatic would watch this much Info Wars?
You're looking at him.
Fair.
You don't even watch the David Knight parts.
Come on.
No.
Like, I understand the idea of...
If you're talking about volume, I've watched it.
Yeah, that's true.
But I'm not gonna watch when the side characters are involved.
They're terrible.
But why would you do this...
I just don't understand what it is they think is going to happen if you do a 27 hour show
versus a four hour show.
Like who's watching...
Can I explain?
Actually yes, please.
So much.
Alex Jones knows full well that the only times they're going to be making money are during
his show.
But maybe we get a couple thousand.
Maybe we get a little bit of stragglers.
I don't have to do any fucking work.
Rob Doo is doing that work.
That's true.
They're doing it.
And there's a little bit of a stunt aspect to it.
Maybe some people will throw us a couple thousand dollars because of it and they're like a big
donation.
Yeah.
So there's that.
There's just...
We need to be a thinner net on the...
It's a drain and we gotta catch as much as we can.
We gotta tighten the drain.
We gotta make sure we're catching all that hair.
Now hair is not what you want, but that hair is money in this metaphor.
So you gotta catch all of it.
I'm not thrilled with this.
I love it.
I love it.
But you're crushing it so far.
Keep on going.
It's the difference between using a thick or thin comb.
It's just like fine comb.
We gotta get all the money out of this we can.
Whole day someone will tune in and maybe be like, all right, I love liberty.
Here's some money.
I just think of it in comparison to our usual...
Or like with Jimmy Pardo, the part cast-a-thon.
But exactly.
Their point though is we're going to continue to have a show.
This is going to be something we're going to have these different guests.
We're going to have all different types of things for you to tune into, even if you're
not interested for two hours, like, hey, maybe you're a big fan of Doug Benson or whatever.
Leo Zagami.
Yeah.
So you show up during this section.
He was great on podcast.
That would be amazing.
That would be amazing.
But that's the thing.
Other marathons have this kind of idea of like, we need to keep your attention.
And he doesn't.
Can I stop you?
Sure.
I'm going to do good will.
Fair.
Fair.
Most marathons come from a place of we want to do good.
You're right.
You're right.
Most of the time what they're doing, if it's Jerry's Kids or a part cast-a-thon, they're
raising money for charity and they hope that things are entertaining.
And I've watched part cast-a-thon for years and boy, a lot of it is not entertaining.
True.
A lot of times it's a slog.
No argument.
With this, they don't give a fuck.
They don't really care.
It's just a crass marketing campaign.
It's not like this money is going to charity.
He's made it very clear the money is just going to the things we already do.
He's presenting it as things we're going to do in the future, but they already do.
It's just a fucking slapdash.
And he's not even offering mugs to people like NPR does.
So take that part out of it.
It's just madcap desperation.
So when he ended his show on the 16th, they had, you know, in the hundreds of thousands
of dollars raised.
They were pretty well on their way.
And here's where we start on the 17th.
Here's where the finances are on the beginning of the 17th.
We need about a million dollars to be able to not have to flog the advertising and really
push things hard to pay for this.
And $567,000, they're just about to update the graph there that shows it, has come in.
And the biggest money amount we ever had brought in about $650,000.
So I guess we're going to break our record today.
Oh, they just updated.
It's more than I thought.
$572,000, $197, so $572,197.
And so we've already reached the goal of the satellite to close captioning and have over
$170,000 towards crew, towards travel, towards camera folks, towards editing, towards research,
towards reporters.
Crew, research, cameras.
Research.
Research.
Come on.
Come on.
Yeah.
Come on.
Don't pretend you're doing that.
Come on.
But all the other stuff that he lists is stuff that he's already doing.
So like he's presenting it as, fuck, we're 24 hours in.
We have like $550,000.
We're not making this million.
I think there is a part of him that's realizing my audience is not as potent as I want because
a million dollars, he's been presenting it, this entire lead up to it as it's not that
much money.
We're trying to run a media operation.
It sounds like a lot.
It's not that much.
He's milking this stone.
He's trying to get blood out of this stone.
And all he's been able to do is, I'll tell you this, he ends with $700,000 or so right
around there, which is 300,000 short of their goal.
Now granted, they do make their goal later, days later, because they've just added all
of their sales that they've gotten from other stuff.
But the thing that I think is that at a certain point, he didn't need the money.
I guarantee that he needed half a million.
But he wanted a million.
And so it became a thing where now it's not about money, it's about pride.
It's about who am I?
It's about how much do I think I'm worth?
And that's why you can hear a little bit of deflation when he's talking about that.
He expected to wake up.
It's not desperation, it's deflation.
Exactly like, yeah, it's the word you said.
It's ego damage.
Yeah, exactly.
He expected to wake up and the goal be met.
He expected he'd do this show with Larry Nichols that aired that documentary that everyone
wants to see.
Everybody does.
Which is terrible.
Also, it's like 28, 30 minutes long.
It's a disaster.
Fuck, everyone should watch it though.
It's so bad.
It's 30 minutes long.
It's short, it's Larry Nichols smoking and telling bullshit.
But he expected, I'm gonna come in on this September 17th, the end of the money bomb,
and either it's going to be we're at 900,000 and we just gotta get the last push or we're
already there.
Or it's gonna be like one and a half million.
Right.
And we're gonna, I started this money bomb by saying we have 3.5 billion losers or 3.5
billion people we touch with our social media presence.
And I think he's starting to realize he ain't got shit.
Right.
Which goes back to what I was talking about with Joe Biggs, when he went there and did
the Superman with his Hillary for prison shirt, and everyone in the fucking arena there for
Trump recognized, oh shit, I think that my premise that the money bomb was when money
gets funneled in, I was wrong.
But I think the disaster, not disaster necessarily, I would love $500,000, $700,000, I would love
that.
But the disappointment of how potent his audience is compared to how glorious the reaction was
from this Trump audience, I think that those two things do meld in Alex's mind.
Okay.
Okay.
So you're seeing his money bomb as him recognizing the real extent of his power, which is 700
grand.
Which is not as good as he hoped.
And you see Joe Biggs showing up at a Trump rally as a like, there is a whole new world
right here.
There's an untapped audience.
That is a lot stronger than our 700 grand.
Yeah.
A lot of people love us for our weird bullshit that we're spitting.
But if we throw in this stuff on top of it.
They're into some other weird shit.
I think that's where we get into it.
He thinks he's throwing in the Trump people on top of it, as opposed to he's surrendering
to the Trump people.
I think that might be the beginning of it.
That's fascinating.
Yeah.
That's really interesting.
I'm not 100% sure, but as I've been listening to this...
I mean, at the fucking point we're at with this investigation, who the goddamn hell knows
what's going on?
I know.
Every single time I've been certain of something, I'm wrong.
Yeah.
No.
It's crazy.
Yeah.
There's no logic to this at all.
When I look at his back when he told Trump, he's a punk and shut your fat mouth.
Right.
When I heard that, I was like, holy fuck.
Right.
Maybe...
And...
When I heard that, I was like, well, maybe he never gets on the Trump train at all, forgetting
the world that we live in now.
When I heard that at work, I texted you.
I was like, this investigation is so fucked up.
Yeah.
I wanted to tell you that.
You couldn't.
I was like, how the fuck did he say...
Because of the constraints of the show.
Now, here's where shit gets interesting.
Yes.
The debate, the Republican debate was on the 16th.
The second one.
The night of the 16th.
Yeah.
And they did their mystery science theater debate thing on the 16th.
Alex was not a part of it.
Which I'm sure was hilarious.
So much funny.
So funny.
So funny.
Oh yeah.
Then...
They really took down Manos, the hands of fate.
Not libertarian enough.
So in the next day, Alex gets to respond to the debate stuff.
And so now we're going to enter a little bit of...
The Thunderdome.
A little bit of debate recap.
Here's Alex Jones giving some of the highlights of last night's debate.
Oh boy.
That's coming up.
Senator Cruz says Planned Parenthood, a criminal enterprise.
One of the best statements of the night.
Big props to Senator Cruz.
This is also based on all the Center for Medical Progress videos.
Of course.
Of course.
Ted Cruz is citing all those videos about selling baby parts.
I've cut out so much of Alex complaining about that stuff, because it's just so boring.
We don't need to cover it over and over again.
Anytime anybody references Cruz in the context of a phrase that doesn't end with, lost his
feet, I'm bummed.
But for the entire span that we've been covering, Alex has been complaining about those Center
for Medical Progress videos.
He is talking about how legally, legally, legally, they can take a baby out.
They can take a baby out, right?
A live baby?
Live baby.
Okay.
They drug the woman up.
What's the name?
Hold on.
They drug the woman up, and as long as the baby is touching the mother, they can cut
it up.
They can cut it up and take the organs.
But if the baby stops touching the mother-
No.
No, no, no, no, Dan.
No.
Yeah.
They refuse to even believe that even the most irrational of human beings would accept
that as a reasonable response.
Alex has been pitching that as a narrative.
It's crazy.
That can't be true.
So also, a couple days before this, before September 17th-
It's like a home base argument.
Yes.
Yes.
We're talking about home base.
We're talking about Red Rover situation.
Yep.
Okay.
All right.
Pudding up baby.
All right.
No, no, no.
That's fine.
That's fine.
Gotcha.
Be that as it may, I think it was on the 15th of September 2015, the congressional investigation
started into these videos and into Planned Parenthood, which now, because we're in the
future, we know they cleared them of any wrongdoing and found-
Any and all wrongdoing.
And found that those videos were deceitfully manipulated and edited poorly.
And they have been sued appropriately.
And Alex-
Or not appropriately.
They've been sued.
But actually, it's really fucked up.
Since we've started talking about this, the court case was still in motion.
Oh.
Just the last week, a bunch of those charges, we have said in the past that they have 15
felonies that are being put on them.
A bunch of those charges got dropped, like last week.
God damn it.
Yeah, I know.
Why do we live?
I don't know.
That's a-
But a lot of it-
There wasn't a, in this world, it was just, why do we live?
A lot of it comes down to technicalities, and it just becomes like a, is it worth prosecuting
this further?
Yeah, you get somebody on tax evasion, you know, you don't get them on murdering everybody
you've ever known.
All that aside, every investigation into whether these videos are full of shit have shown they're
full of shit.
So anyway, that's what Ted Cruz was talking about in a presidential debate.
Why are we here?
And Alex loves it.
Of course.
He's into fucking Cruz.
He's into Cruz.
Yeah.
So here we go.
Bush says, 40 years ago, he smoked marijuana.
I admit it.
Ooh, big deal.
You mean 40 years ago, your family shipped cocaine in.
That'd be a bigger admission.
Donald Trump says Rand Paul shouldn't be on the stage, and he's ugly.
Trump, you look pretty goofy to me.
Agreed.
I mean, I'll say it.
Rand Paul's got curly hair, which I don't think looks goofy, but I guess you could say
it looks goofy from your perspective.
You look like you have a dead blonde possum on your head, and it used to be brown.
Then it was chimpanzee colored, and now it's blonde.
So you get your hair bleached, Trump, to then turn it blonde.
So if anybody looks like a freak, it's you.
And I'm not up here attacking him, but he can't sit there and make comments about how
people look, and then not expect to have it thrown back at him.
Agreed.
I mean, it's just unbelievable.
Good point.
Good point.
It's unbelievable.
Then he goes on to say good things, where he talks about the fact that this is a country
where we speak English, not Spanish.
No.
No.
Alex, you had me.
Not great.
That's a pretty solid burn on Trump, though.
That's not too bad.
It's super unexpected.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
Considering we know that three months after this point, Trump is on Alex's show.
That's so fucked up.
What is going on?
I don't know.
He hasn't said any of these negative things.
How do you not think there's some sort of backroom negotiation going on, right?
Figure me out.
Here's what I think.
Oh, fuck, yes.
Give it to me.
Give it to me, Dan.
I think the payment hasn't cleared.
You think the check hasn't cleared?
Like he's endorsed it, but he's still like, I don't know if it's going to bounce.
Why do you think he's surprised to wake up and there's 500,000 in the...
Okay.
Why do you think he's disappointed?
So he's mad because he hasn't reached the million dollar goal yet, and he thinks that
the million dollar goal would have been met if the check had cleared?
That seems crazy.
I can't tell how fucking much of what I'm trying to pitch is.
I'm just trying to make sense of this shit.
I love you.
It's so crazy.
And I want you to be right, but that's too far.
But it's nonsense.
Take all of that, because I don't think that's necessarily true.
Take all... I mean, the shit about Trump's hair is absolutely
true.
100%.
Looks exactly like what he described.
Take my nonsense out of it.
The thought that he can be, fuck you, shut your mouth, you're a punk, eh, you're fine,
you stop talking about immigrants, whatever.
Oh, you're mad at Rand Paul.
I'm going to fucking attack you about your appearance to being, I fucking look, can I
suck your dick, please?
Yeah.
Within three months is crazy.
Yeah.
There's no ground, and the idea that once he becomes Trump's cheerleader, he doesn't
think that all this still exists on the internet?
Well, as we've established, he has no concept of the past.
Well, the idea that all that stuff- Every time we've gone through, Alex Jones
says this now in defense of, we go back and we have a clip of him saying, and this is
the same thing with fucking Trump.
Nothing Trump has ever said, we have a tweet saying him, of him saying the opposite.
Or our new friend, Scaramucci.
They just don't even fucking care.
They don't care.
They don't care.
Nobody is actually holding them accountable, which is the big issue.
We can go on Twitter and we can see people going like, here's what they said, here's
what they used to say, but nobody's actually fucking doing anything.
We're trying.
And I don't know what to do.
We're trying.
I wake up every day and I don't know what to do.
Dan, tell me what to do.
I can't tell you, but we're trying.
We got a couple more clips to get through.
Let's do this.
Okay.
We're on hour 17.
Yeah, we're trying to do a fundraiser.
We're just bad at it.
So I made a point of the fact that Alex has been very pro-Russia, as we've seen.
Or at the very least pro-strong man, pro-Putin, not necessarily pro-Russia.
No, no, that's not fair.
Pro-Russia and pro-Assad.
He has been.
He has been pro-Russia.
Before this episode, he's been pro-strong man.
The things he said in this episode have been legitimately pro-Russia, pro-Assad.
You're right.
I agree.
This next clip brings it home.
They don't like saying we're fighting ISIS when they've got to resupply C-130's landing,
delivering them weapons on the hour, in battle with Russian commandos who are on the right
side.
Do you think America, the actual military, likes being clearly on the bad side with Al
Qaeda, launching wars, and then back home, we've got to take your rights away because
of Al Qaeda?
Do you think anybody in the government likes being part of that?
So Alex Jones in that clip essentially is saying that we are on the wrong side of everything.
Russia is on the right side of everything.
But how?
What is his justification for it?
We have funded and created Al Qaeda and ISIS in order to destabilize Syria, and because
of that, we are on the wrong side of everything.
Russia and Assad are really just trying to destroy the forces that we have brought in
there for destabilization, and, you know, that makes sense.
I just don't get that very simplistic argument because there's a—
Well, because it's dumb.
In the same way that there's a kernel of truth to it that is also such a willful misunderstanding
of the way that the world works, it's hard to imagine.
Totally.
So Alex Jones is in favor of Russia and Assad.
Great.
Cool.
But what's the motivation for him being in favor of Assad at this point?
We already talked about it.
We already talked about it.
He's in favor of all of these Russian propaganda outlets.
He's beholden to RT and Sputnik as information sources.
I mean, yeah, you make the good point of him as information sources, but if you do—
They put out stories about—
If you do even—
No, because the things that you will say about Assad being oppressive to his people—
Murdering!
Not being oppressive!
Murdering!
Right?
All that stuff.
Gassing.
Yeah.
I like how you yadda yadda.
All that stuff.
No, no, no.
That's what I was going to get to as my sense went along.
No, no, no, no.
I know.
I just had to—
The Russian version of it that comes out in Sputnik and RT is that it is Western-backed
rebel forces that are faking these attacks.
I didn't know that.
Yeah.
That is the narrative.
That's their narrative?
Yes.
For real?
Yes!
And that's the narrative that Alex buys.
So because—
And that's why we've talked about this on the show a bunch of times.
Yeah.
Alex has these people on who are disreputable sources, like Larry C. Johnson.
Yeah.
And I can't remember that ambassador guy who he had on who had clear financial interests.
Yeah, of course.
Well, fucking every—if you're Russian and you are on media of any sort, you probably
have ties to the oligarchy.
With a couple exceptions, yes, absolutely.
So that is the narrative that Alex is on board with.
It seems dumb, it seems wild, but that's what he pushes.
Every single thing—
It's the Assad thing, though, that—like, I get arguing other Russian things, but Assad
has so very clearly set out to murder his own people.
Well, here's where—
It seems like such a simp—it seems like a Hitler thing all over again.
Like, are you for Hitler murdering Jews or against?
That's what Assad is to me.
Well, here's where Alex gets his leeway, is that Obama said the red line is using gas
attacks on your people.
And then he didn't do shit, which he thinks—which Obama has clearly stated is one of his more
proud moments of not sending the world into World War III.
Agreed.
But Alex's, and all of Russian media's argument about that is, why the fuck would Assad do
that if Obama said that that was a red line?
Why would they do that?
Okay.
Okay.
That's a—
Which is compelling—
That's an interesting angle, yeah.
I agree.
It's compelling to a ton of people if you don't think Obama might have been bluffing.
Okay.
So—
Because the end result legitimately is World War III.
So what their—
Like, if we went in—if Obama saw gassing of the people—
Yeah.
So he makes his red line.
Right.
And if Obama knows that it happens, and he doesn't get in there and fucking burn the
shit to the ground, then it must be that he also knows it's a false flag.
Right.
And also, before that, Putin had made very clear that he was not going to accept any
of our aggression in Syria.
Yeah, exactly.
Like, it is a much more complicated chess game than Alex is presenting.
Right, right, right.
All of it is just to serve this Russian propaganda message.
I'm not saying that he's an agent of Russia.
That's not at all my—
No, but that's—
He's just dumb.
He falls—
That's not the—yeah, yeah.
That's not the narrative.
No.
Why would you even need him to be an agent of Russia—
No.
That's stupid.
—if you have this kind of weird—it's such a—man, foreign policy is tough.
I don't know—
It's very complicated.
Dan, I don't know if you know this or not, but global foreign policy?
Very complicated.
I'm a wonk.
Anyway—
Very complicated.
So, all that aside, I want to be entirely clear.
We did—we've made a lot of mistakes in terms of arming rebels and stuff like that throughout
the entirety of our history as a country.
America?
Yeah.
Disagree.
Right.
No nationalism.
That said, Putin, Assad are not good guys.
And what they're doing in Syria?
Not good.
Assad should be lit on fire.
Yeah.
Now.
So—
Right now.
If you are a knowledge fighter and you are within, let's say, three feet of Assad and
you can light him on fire, please light him on fire.
Just make him hot for a little bit.
Just burn him to death.
No, if you've got like a—
If he survives, you're lighting him on fire.
Lighting him on fire ten more times.
And then meme it.
So—
Yeah, like the anti-CNN that memes you?
Actually, Alex just paid out $20,000.
All right.
Kill us all.
Just paid out $20,000.
Just fucking.
Just fucking.
I'm done.
What a shock.
I'm done.
What a shock.
You know who won?
Who won?
Some guy that Alex Jones offered a job to.
Jesus.
It was that guy?
Well, there are two guys.
Fuck off.
Two guys.
Yeah.
Alex Jones offered a job to the first and second place guys, but here was the fucking
awesome.
Like, I wish—
Fuck.
I'm so—
I'm an idiot because I don't have the clip of this.
But it's so fucking hilarious.
He's sitting there and he's like, all right, I told Paul Joseph Watson he got to pick the
winner and I don't think this is the winner.
I think the winner is the Braveheart one.
That guy's great.
You got a job.
Just hit me up.
You got a job.
Please.
I want to work with you.
You got a job.
A guy did a Braveheart version of—
You got a job.
It's just Braveheart, but with Trump as William Wallace.
And he's like, you got a job.
No, look, I told Paul Joseph Watson he could choose the winner and he got the $20,000.
It's honor bound.
What did Rappaport have to do to get a job?
He just cucked out the winner of the fucking contest that he started.
Of course.
The winner was—okay, of course it's a movie.
I'm going to give you three guesses.
I'm going to give you three guesses.
And now consider the mythology—
Gladiator.
Gladiator.
Gladiator.
That's your first?
Gladiator.
No.
That's also my second.
Gladiator again.
Consider the mythology of Infowars.
Okay.
How he talks about false realities.
Oh, the Patriot.
No.
Um.
You got one more.
This should be obvious.
All other Mel Gibson movies.
No.
But it should be obvious.
Come on.
You got this.
Infowars.
Um.
A scanner darkly?
Like I don't know.
That's closer.
I got nothing.
Matrix.
Oh, come on.
No.
That—you can't even—that was made by trans women.
Yeah, I know.
You don't get to steal that.
Oh, they did.
You don't get to.
It's that scene where Agent Smiths are shooting at Neo down a hallway and he stops the bullets.
Yeah.
And all the bullets are fake news.
Dives into—oh, fuck off.
Yeah, it's nonsense.
Jesus Christ.
But he paid $20,000 and has offered both of them jobs.
Have we considered doing one of those?
No.
I bet we could come up with a better idea.
We can't play meme warfare.
That's true.
It's nonsense.
That's true.
That is a fickle, fly-by-night piece of bullshit.
Yeah.
We've got to get these last two clips out.
We've got two—
Yeah.
We're on hour seven and a half.
Jordan.
Yes.
The debate.
Yes.
Alex mentioned this a little bit earlier, that Trump said some good things in the debate.
Right.
Now, one of them was that people speak English here, not Spanish, which sucks.
I didn't like that.
I didn't like that.
It sucks.
But Trump said some other things that Alex did like, and they're not good.
But I've got to say, as a litmus test, Donald Trump coming out against vaccines and saying,
I've got a lot of friends and family who've got brain-damaged kids from this, shows that
he really cares about people, and he knows the system's going to come after him, and
he understands what's going on.
And when the rubber meets the road, he doesn't want to be involved in brain damaging tens
of millions of children.
Which is why he's removing health care.
The vaccines are linked to increased cancer, neurological disorders, autoimmune disorders.
It says it on the stinking inserts.
And Ben Carson, a medical doctor, a brain surgeon, not an epidemiologist, not a virologist,
he just sits there and says it's wonderful because he's a good guy as a doctor, so he
believes everything they're doing must be wonderful.
I like you making fun of his doctorate when you're also not a doctor.
But that, in the debate, Trump talked about how when he had kids, he spaced out the vaccines.
Because he thought that like...
That's the argument that I've heard a bunch recently.
If they get that full vaccine, it's a horse tranquilizer.
It's a huge horse needle, which isn't true at all.
And then I don't want to put too fine a point on this, and we're already four hours into
this podcast, but I have looked into all of it and all of the anti-vax stuff.
It's bullshit.
It's all bullshit.
It's absolutely nonsense.
It's been bullshit since the 1890s.
Since vaccines were created, one guy got a fucking thing happened to him within two weeks
of a vaccine, and he was like, well, it's vaccines.
It is always bullshit.
It is always fucking bullshit.
I can't begin to deal with how much I hate you if you're an anti-vaxxer.
All of it is sussed out legitimately by one sentence that is one of the most important
sentences in terms of statistics, and that is that correlation does not imply causation.
If there is something that there is a slight relation to, you can't say just because there's
a relation that X caused Y.
You can't.
That's science.
Correlation does not equal causation is the bane of our existence.
The fact that it is true and the fact that it is almost impossible for most people to
recognize is the most destructive force, I don't know, in my lifetime.
One of the biggest cases about this, and Alex Jones talks about, like in the UK, the guy
who did studies about vaccines- It was the Dred Scott case, right?
No.
It was this guy named Andrew Wakefield, and he did some studies that were called into
question and he got fired because it turned out he was taking a ton of money from lawyers
that were discredited and his license was revoked.
There were lawyers who were trying to get a class action lawsuit going on behalf of
people who hated vaccines, and he got like $400,000 from those lawyers.
And so all of his studies, people who signed onto his studies in the past not knowing that
monetary payment, who were involved, they were like, oh shit.
Wait.
Hold on a second.
Are you saying that when you get money involved with healthcare, bad things happen?
Especially with studies.
Nah.
Can't believe it.
Especially when conclusions are- Capitalism!
Free market!
Free market, baby.
Guns!
Prosperity.
Prosperity.
Anyway, Alex is pretty thrilled with that anti-vax message.
But I honestly think, if I can be totally clear, I think that no matter what happened
in that debate, Alex would find something to love.
About Trump?
Yeah.
You think so?
Yeah.
I think it's in his timeline.
So you think this is the money situation again?
I do.
So he fixated on one thing that Trump said.
Like now I kind of want to go back- Can I tell you why?
I would rather die, but I kind of want to go back and watch that debate to see how many
things Trump said that he would have disagreed with versus how many he did agree with.
I have no idea.
Right?
But I did go back and look into Trump's anti-vax history, and he got in some fucking hot water
like three months before this for anti-vax stuff.
And he has an anti-vax history that goes back to like 2005.
Oh, so it's a full-on birther kind of situation where it's been there from the beginning.
This isn't news.
This is just he said it at a debate.
Right.
And so Alex Jones' position is like, he's going to be attacked for this, but he had
been attacked for it already.
He's pretending that this is some sort of like new wrinkle in his character, which it's
not.
I honestly think- Well, I mean in the context of his campaign,
has this been a thing?
No, I don't think this has been.
He's been too busy complaining about immigrants, though.
Well, and in the same way that in his campaign, it hasn't been all about birtherism, you know?
It hasn't been all about- Hey, he didn't start that.
He stopped it.
Yeah, so I think that there's a little bit of manipulation going on.
Yeah.
A little bit.
And if Alex Jones, like- At the very least.
In terms of our show, this is maybe four episodes back, but Alex Jones, when he made his pivot
to stop talking shit about Trump in terms of his mob ties, he said, I went back and
I did deep research on him.
Bullshit.
He watched all his speeches, and if he had done that, he would already know that he has
a history of being an anti-vaccination guy.
He hasn't been not that for years.
So this shouldn't be news to him.
Such a luxury for rich people to be anti-vax.
Such a luxury.
Yeah.
Oh, my kids go to all schools where everybody has been vaccinated, so I don't have to worry
about it.
They're not pregnant.
Also, this version of anti-vax, where it's like, I spaced it out over six years.
Fucking fuck you.
Yeah, it's not great either.
Fuck you.
I've established it, I think, pretty consistently, but if you're anti-vax, I hope you kill yourself
and then kill your children.
That seems hard.
No, that's a good order for that.
All right, well, we all know that our descendants are still with us.
We got one more clip, and this is Alex talking more about Trump's anti-vax position.
What I know about what he's going to be going through now for saying that, and looking at
the look in his eye, I guarantee you Donald Trump doesn't like seeing his friends have
brain-damaged kids all around him.
It's a large portion of people have giggling, happy 18-month-old baby boys.
Their blood-brain barrier is not strong as a girl's.
They go in to get that last round of shots.
Billy don't ever talk again.
That's why a lot of members of Congress are against vaccines, because you or your kid
or your grandchildren take a shot and never talk again, that'll wake some people up.
So I got to say it, Rand Paul, Ted Cruz, and Donald Trump, they are the three presidential
contenders, in my view, from a position of liberty.
Now we have come to our own new place.
Yeah, we've narrowed it down.
And that's fucked up.
Yeah.
Because he loves Rand Paul.
He will very soon humiliate Ted Cruz, and he will become the biggest blowjob machine
for Donald Trump.
Which is funny.
But this-
That is the one true joy I took out of that campaign, is Ted Cruz turning into a little
bitch.
Uh, this is, like, I don't know how to say it, I was right.
My argument-
So what you're saying is that we began this episode with Dan being right, and we ended
it with Dan being right.
I think I'm right, but not the way I expected.
Because I predicted earlier that when Alex makes his pivot to Trump, it will be superficial.
It'll be about some issue that he already, it's not new.
It's not new.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And that is what he has sort of done.
Now he's not the cheerleader yet.
He's still just saying these three guys are liberty candidates.
He's narrowed it down.
Yeah.
Which is-
Which is already fucked up enough as it is.
Like the candidate, I don't understand how it is that he professes to be libertarian,
and theoretically non-partisan.
And yet at the same time, every enemy is leftist.
Every fear comes from inclusion.
Every fear comes from any kind of, we should all be part of the same world, which is also
his professed ideology in that the globalists are trying to keep us from becoming an inclusive
society.
He wants the inclusion, but he knows that it's a globalist plot.
He's talked about Sanders a couple times already, and he's been like, this fucking ding-dong,
this asshole.
Which, to me, it seems like he would wind up coming down between Sanders and Rand Paul.
That's what Jesse Ventura does.
Exactly, exactly.
Because Jesse Ventura is pure.
Ventura is like, hey, Sanders or Rand Paul.
That's what Ventura is.
Jesse Ventura has a philosophy.
He has an ideological consistency, and Alex doesn't believe really in anything.
I honestly think what we're coming to, and what I've learned from listening to these
past three weeks or two weeks that we've covered, is he is a harsh, opportunistic asshole.
He wants his money.
He wants his money.
And I think he realized when Joe Biggs...
That's actually gonna be, when we write the screenplay for our documentary, it will be
the tagline is, Alex Jones.
He wants his money.
Well, we predicted earlier that it would be a thing where it's like, he's trying to get
the Mercers or Trump to try and come in as big money donors.
And that may still be the case.
But I think he started this million dollar campaign, and he's like, it's not happening.
In the meantime, we've recognized Joe Biggs went out there and everyone wanted that shirt.
That is a market we can fucking tap into.
How do we rationalize this?
We rationalize it.
There was a debate last night.
He said something anti-vaccination that he said a hundred times already.
Now it's like, fuck, we soft kill babies.
He's against that.
All right, I'm in.
Exactly.
That's so disappointing.
I want it to be some kind of nefarious thing.
It's still nefarious.
It's still pretty nefarious.
That's a good point.
It needs, to me, in order for us to, I don't know, I guess it's more like I feel like we
need a scoop.
I feel like we need some kind of angle that nobody's ever touched before.
But if it just winds up being weird, shitty opportunism, it bums me out, right?
Shouldn't there be some sort of Mercer money?
Shouldn't there be some sort of third party donor who's like, all right, now I direct
things.
It used to be the gold guy, but now it's me.
Well Ted Anderson is involved to this day, so that he hasn't gone.
I mean, gold guys are always going to be around.
I would say that you should take solace in knowing that no one has done as much listening
to his show as we have.
I don't take solace in that at all.
But we do have a scoop, whatever the case is.
That's true.
There's no reason that the Mercers are the ones who did it, or Trump money.
There's still a scoop here, because he didn't fucking care about Trump two days before,
and now he's a fucking contender.
Right back on an anti-vaxxer situation.
He's all over the place, and when he becomes the 1776 2.0 guy.
It's not just going to become, it's not because of things Trump said five years ago.
Well that's the thing that gets me, is that it seems like right now he's going off of
things Trump says.
Like he's going off of things that Trump, like Trump says something I like, so I say
nice things about him.
Trump says something I don't like, so I don't say nice things about him.
Trump says something I like.
Like that's the problem that I have.
It should be something that is at least consistent, and until we get to that consistent point,
it just seems like he's full of shit.
Yeah, you're a dumb-dumb.
There's never going to be- Fair.
There's never going to- Fair.
No, that's fair.
There's never going to be a point when Alex Jones is consistent.
Fair.
Yeah, he's a crazy person.
I don't know why, but I still- He has brain damage.
I still live in this world of like- He did mess.
I still live in the world of I believe people believe in things, and Alex doesn't.
You know what- And that's why you're right about that fucking
meme is that the consistent argument is always people believe shit, and Alex doesn't have
a belief system.
Nope.
Alex has elves, and then we move on.
He's rogue.
He's completely rogue.
Yeah, as are all of those fucking alt-right guys.
It doesn't matter to them.
They move on.
In the same way that in that story that Tom Arnold told, they got to get a bunch of publicity
out of calling Tom Arnold a pussy and then canceling the fight, and no one on their side
knows that they canceled the fight.
It just didn't happen.
They can say he backed out.
He was involved with the coordination of it.
Yeah.
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
Perception is king.
Yeah.
All of it's bullshit.
Everything is bullshit.
Anyway, we'll be back with the next stage of this investigation and other shit.
I don't want to talk about the present much, but-
Unless the present turns out to be very interesting, which so far to this circumstance it has been
very depressing.
Well, it's just like he doesn't talk about the actual things that are happening in the
administration.
No, it's been boring.
Yeah.
It's like, oh, Scaramucci's in, hey, that's because Sean Spicer was a deep state agent.
It would be really interesting though if he did get into, like if he did have sources
like Donald Trump Jr., who would get him inside information on how the dynamics of the administration
was working.
Which, by the way, this week-
Bananas.
Like this week, as this episode comes out, Jr. may have to show up in front of the Senate.
As will DT himself.
Manafort.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So we'll see.
I mean, they're probably-
They won't.
No.
Of course not.
No.
They're going to be pardoned.
It's nonsense.
You get it?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But hey, if you don't want to be pardoned, you should go to our website.
What?
Wait, no, no.
No.
I refuse that transition.
Reject.
Nope.
That was me.
Reject entirely.
It was me slightly buzzed.
I pivoted on the word.
Reject entirely.
If you want to reject something on a word, go to our website.
Our website is knowledgefight.com.
Check it out.
There's a lot of good stuff on there.
You can click on a button that says support the show.
And let me tell you something.
So many people have started supporting the show that it's-
We got a lot of wonks.
It's kind of mind boggling.
How many of you have become policy wonks and how-
Thank you all so much.
How important it is to us on so many levels.
And if you are not a policy wonk and you would like to be, click on that button and you will
be-
Kill Jeff Sessions.
Wait, hold on.
Wait, no.
Wait.
What?
Hold off on that.
Did we not agree on that?
Hold off on that.
Did we not agree on that pre-show?
You are not on brand.
Okay.
All right.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
But if you click on that button, you will be granted access to, right now it's 10 episodes
of That's What They Want You To Think.
And if you're watching this on the Marty DeRosa's Conspiracy Theory podcast, a little bonus
for your ass.
Marty, friend of the show and very, very funny comedian.
And there are other episodes that will be added eventually once I find them in my hard
drive.
I have an external hard drive that has other episodes that I can't find.
Right.
But they're there somewhere.
We'll figure it out.
But if you-
If you want to follow us on Twitter, it's at knowledge underscore fights.
And we're on Facebook.
Facebook.
All right, this is the evidence that we've been drinking wine this entire episode.
I did that last episode.
You don't even remember it.
That's a good point.
That's because we've been drinking wine this entire episode.
Please give us a rating on Facebook.
Like us.
It's helpful.
Good iTunes.
Give us a rating.
Make sure people know us.
There's something about their algorithm where if you give us some stars, they'll be like,
yeah, fucking find them.
Indeed.
Beyond that, I'd like to apologize.
This episode has been this long.
Jesus Christ.
I think we-
How long has it been?
We are at four hours.
This is the longest episode so far.
Not true.
Jesus Christ.
Yes, it is.
Really?
Yeah.
We've not breached four hours.
You've not breached four?
No.
Dude, you-
The Joe Rogan was the closest, I think.
You called it-
It's close.
You called it 3.15 and I was like, nah, this ain't happening.
It's coming to four.
I think if you had not disrupted me so many times-
No.
Don't-
Don't pretend this wasn't on purpose.
I was going to make this episode four hours no matter what happened.
Look, it's the wine, it's the good times, and it's the truth, guys.
Policy wonks.
We love you all very much.
We don't love-
I'll tell you there's somebody we don't love.
God damn it.
Damn it.
Damn.
You are ruining the ending bit.
I was trying to help.
I was trying to help you asshole.
You asshole.
I was trying to help you asshole.
I was trying to be like, oh shit, there's an inroad to get to John Rappaport.
Do you know who doesn't help us?
This one guy.
What one guy?
This one guy.
Who is he?
Fuck.
I ran into the-
Is he young or is he old?
He's really old.
He's really old?
I was at this fucking anti-AIDS conference.
I was at this conference about how AIDS isn't real.
I'm already out.
I hung out with him.
He was really cool.
We did shots of JMo.
It was super cool.
What about him?
At the end of the night, I gotta be honest, I skipped out on his tab.
This is the best the bit has gone so far.
I skipped out on his tab.
He said he was going to the bathroom.
I was like, I'll stick around here.
What did you say about this guy?
I said, fuck you John Rappaport.
Andy in Kansas.
You're on the air.
Thanks for holding.
Hello Alex.
I'm a first time caller.
I'm a huge fan.
I love your work.
I love you.
