Opening Theme by DJ Danarchy  0:00
Red Alert. Red alert. Red alert. Red alert. Red alert. Not not not not not not Knowledge Fight. Dan and Jordan. I am sweating. Knowledge fight dot com. It's time to pray. I have great respect for Knowledge Fight. Knowledge Fight. I'm sick of them posing as if they're the good guys saying we are the bad guys. Knowledge Fight. Dan and Jordan. Knowledge Fight. Need money. Andy in Kansas Andy in Andy Stop it Andy in Kan Andy in Kansas. Andy it's time to pray Andy in Kansas, you're on the air. Thanks for holding. Hello Alex I'm a first time caller I'm a huge fan. I love your work. Knowledge Fight. Knowledge Fight dot com. I love you.

Dan  0:59
Hey, everybody, welcome back to Knowledge Fight. I'm Dan.

Jordan  1:01
I'm Jordan.

Dan  1:02
We're a couple dudes like to sit around, worship at the altar of Celine, sing My Way and talk a little bit about Alex Jones.

Jordan  1:08
Indeed we are Dan.

Dan  1:10
Regrets, I've had a few

Jordan  1:13
What is your regret spot today?

Dan  1:15
Actually, my regret spot today is kind of interesting. So interesting. Alex Jones, as we all know, lost a big, big, big verdict on Wednesday. Sure. And as is sort of tradition, because we put out too much content. The instant reaction that folks had I got a lot of messages about oh, there's gonna be an emergency episode tonight. Well, that was on Wednesday. Yeah. and on Wednesdays, Survivor happens. Sure. I mean, my friend Angela Lampsbury generally get together and watch Survivor although, we've not been able to it's already like three episodes and

Jordan  1:50
it's been a struggle. No, I understand. We've talked

Dan  1:52
so we have this whole thing of like everyone wants an emergency episode and simultaneously everyone's like, Hey, Dan, take a day off. torn between two worlds.

Jordan  2:01
It is a difficult situation.

Dan  2:02
So I went and watched Survivor and that's my brightspot. This season of Survivor pretty fun, got some fun characters on it. But also I went over and I got this enamel pin from Angela Lampsbury, this is Kevin from Up, the bird

Jordan  2:01
Oh that makes sense. You love Kevin from Up, the bird

Dan  2:02
My favorite thing. My favorite bird. So playful. Makes up for how bad Up is as a move, I said it

Jordan  2:31
That's dangerous. I think everybody remembers the first five minutes and then forgets the rest of it.

Dan  2:36
I have some troubling feelings about that movie as a whole. And that first five minutes was a problem,

Jordan  2:42
dark, I didn't ask for it.

Dan  2:43
It's not the darkness of it. It's I have some unpopular opinions about whether or not their relationship was healthy. I did an entire podcast about this years and years ago back in stand up days I don't want to rehash it now but yeah, now's not the time. Kevin the bird. Saving grace. Still the best and I love this enamel pin and the fact that it has a stand on it because it's so big you can stand it up so that's good stuff. It's gonna be with me forever so thank you, Angela Lampsbury, I appreciate it. absolutely. Bright spot. What about you?

Jordan  3:16
My bright spot Dan is two albums got dropped, two on the same day. Very very good. Not sure if the same day but whatever. Freddie Gibbs album. sure. Freddie Gibbs killing it everybody has, for the past his last three albums, they're like, he's the best rapper he's pretty great. And then the Yeah Yeah Yeahs came back with a new album The Yeah Yeah Yeahs. I know, and you know what they sound like? A a different band. It sounds more like Karen O's more recent stuff but it's great it's really good. Yeah, I like it. I like them both

Dan  3:47
I gotta be honest with you. The Yeah Yeah Yeahs are right in that spot where like, I think I was in college when they were really popular. sure. And I hated the people who were into quote, college rock, and they got put in that box.

Jordan  4:00
That's fair.

Dan  4:00
But I do know Maps from Rock band. This is not, I should not be revealing...

Jordan  4:05
We're all very excited for that. We're all really happy you know Maps from Rock Band...

Dan  4:05
That's how I discovered

Jordan  4:11
--no, they have a really interesting backstory. It's kind of fascinating you know that that New York pop? No, no, it would be dance punk scene from the with The Rapture and LCD Sound System and Yeah Yeah Yeahs, all coming up at the same time release their ah, debut massive album on the same day as as a... The Blueprint, The Blueprint! Same day! And it was also 9/11. That was also the reason that I remember that specifically. It happened on 9/11...

Dan  4:46
you buried the lede a little bit there.

Jordan  4:47
--that was my personal 9/11 is 9/11. Yeah.

Dan  4:51
I was actually, I just as you were saying that I got really deep into my head about, like, how much stuff I discovered through Rock Band. sure. And honestly, like, my parents didn't like the Beatles because they were very druggie. And so there wasn't, there wasn't like that influence in my childhood. right. And I didn't explore a ton of like older music as I was coming up. right. Like a lot of the all of that energy got put into weird hip hop. sure. And so like that I have a encyclopedic back log.

Jordan  5:21
You are a St. Lunatic, my friend.

Dan  5:23
Ask my tattooist how St. Louis I am. exactly. But look, I don't, I don't have that, about classic rock stuff. sure. A lot of that is kind of like, a big blind spot.

Jordan  5:33
We're old if Classic Rock is Yeah Yeah Yeahs.

Dan  5:36
What I was getting to is the Beatles. yes. When Beatles Rock Band came out, I didn't know most of those songs. And then Yesterday is on there, I was like, I know this song. I just didn't know it was the Beatles. I was 22.

Jordan  5:53
I have unpopular opinions about the Beatles and how much I despise them. wow. But what you gonna do.

Dan  5:59
Well, let's not get into it now. Let's do it another. now's not the time. So Jordan, Alex lost the case.


Jordan  6:04
Yeah. I've heard.


Dan  6:06
The verdict came in on Wednesday. And like I said, people tried to get me to not watch Survivor with my friend.

Jordan  6:10
Bastards.

Dan  6:11
But I persisted in watching Survivor and here we are.

Jordan  6:16
Excellent.

Dan  6:16
We didn't want to do this on mic because we run the risk of getting a bunch of champagne on my table. But we have a bottle of champagne

Jordan  6:27
Indeed.

Dan  6:27
that we are raising. This is a, Argyle is the name of the,

Jordan  6:31
It’s a brut.

Dan  6:31
yeah, and it's also Argyle, a fitting name, street here in Chicago in Uptown.

Jordan  6:35
True. Where you used to live. A lot of our, a lot of our episodes recorded on Argyle.

Dan  6:42
Not true. Ainsley, the street next to Argyle. One street over. Yeah, that was my old hood, where the podcast started. So it's very fitting. And so yeah, we're having a little champagne while we discuss this, sort of going back to our roots.


Jordan  6:57
Absolutely. I wish I could get Bogle jub (?) champagne, but unfortunately

Dan  7:01
It was just Bogle.

Jordan  7:02
I understand it was Bogle. But if


Dan  7:04
It was just wine. I feel like that wasn't the first wine we drank.


Jordan  7:11
No. The first wine we drank was very cheap.


Dan  7:14
So was Bogle. Yeah. Anyway, Jordan, today we're gonna be talking about the events of the 12th. yeah That is the day of the announcement of the verdict, this is Wednesday. And so there's a couple things that we're going to be covering. Certainly, this will be incomplete. We'll have an episode that comes out this weekend, that will be a little bit of a special thing for folks...

Jordan  7:35
Of course.

Dan  7:36
--but then on Monday, I hope to get into a little bit more even of the aftermath. But I decided that what we will do is we will talk about Alex's response to the verdict. A little bit of the War Room. yeah. And then Alex did a special show that evening. right. And so we'll talk about that.

Jordan  7:50
I hear what you're saying is thoroughness is the enemy of immediacy. That's what I'm hearing.

Dan  7:55
Yeah, generally, and sometimes things need to marinate a little bit.

Jordan  7:59
That's how it works.

Dan  8:00
So we're gonna get into this talking about October 12th and the bullshit that happens. But before we do, let's take a little moment to say hello to some new wonks.

Jordan  8:07
Oh, that's a great idea.

Dan  8:08
So first, D of team Stats. Thank you so much. You are now policy wonk.

Alex Jones  8:12
I'm a policy wonk.

Jordan  8:13
Thank you very much.

Dan  8:14
Thank you so much to Hi to Briana from Rob, thank you so much. You are now a policy wonk.

Alex Jones  8:20
I'm a policy wonk.

Jordan  8:21
 Thank you very much.

Dan  8:22
Next, Kudos to judge for her restraint and not throwing a gavel at Alex, thank you so much. You're now a policy wonk.

Alex Jones  8:29
I'm a policy wonk.

Jordan  8:30
Thank you very much.

Dan  8:31
And I should be clear that was about the Texas case. That's how far back

Jordan  8:34
I imagined. Let's, let's not worry about it.

Dan  8:37
Next. Robert. I love you. That's from Andra, thank you so much. You are now a policy wonk.

Alex Jones  8:41
I'm a policy wonk.

Jordan  8:42
Thank you very much. And I hope you know Robert and this isn't a weird thing that's happening.

Dan  8:47
That's not a parasocial thing

Jordan  8:48
That'd be creepy. Yeah.

Dan  8:50
And the Goblin King of England. Thank you so much, you are now a policy wonk.

Alex Jones  8:53
I'm a policy wonk.

Jordan  8:54
Thank you very much.

Dan  8:55
That is Paul Joseph Watson according to some. oh, okay. We got a technocrat in the mix, Jordan. okay. So, Sister Petra (pet-ruh). Oh, no.

Jordan  9:07
Oh Dan. You started reading too fast. All right, let's edit that part out

Dan  9:14
Sister Petra (pay-truh) for being my fellow wonk and shouting and learning with me. Is from Elke, thank you so much. You're now a technocrat.

Alex Jones  9:23
I'm a policy wonk. I have risen above my enemies. I might quit tomorrow actually. Just gonna take a little breaky now. A little breaky for me. And then we're going to come back and I'm going to start the show over, but I'm the devil. Fuck you. Fuck you. I got plenty of words for you. But at the end of the day, Fuck you and your new world order and fuck the horse you rode in on and all your shit. Maybe today's broadcast. Maybe I'll just be gone a month, maybe five years. Maybe I'll walk out of here tomorrow, and you never see me again. That's really what I want to do. I never want to come back here again. I apologize to the crew and the listeners yesterday that I was legitimately having breakdowns on air. I'll be better tomorrow.

Dan  10:18
He may never have to come back here tomorrow...

Jordan  10:21
That's a good point.

Dan  10:21
--at some point. He's not better today. no. So before we get into this, Jordan, I have an out of context drop for you to enjoy.

Alex Jones  10:29
I could fart and have a million viewers and I'm not I'm not bragging, it's just true. Because you're awesome, folks, you tune in. We don't fart here. We're giving you real information.

Dan  10:36
We don't fart here.

Jordan  10:37
We don't fart here. We don't fart here. If you want that shit, you go to Only Fans. You go to Only Fans for farts.

Dan  10:45
Alex on not Only Fans. No, don't don't.

Jordan  10:49
Well, I mean, Infowars is gonna go away. Why not Infofans?

Dan  10:52
There's an there's an interesting aspect of this that, like, I think Alex could fart and have just the audience that he does, because the things that he does aren't any more informative than farts.

Jordan  11:03
That's true. That's true.

Dan  11:05
These people are just stuck.

Jordan  11:06
It reminds me of a French man, I believe was called Le Petomane. And he would fart. But he was really really good at it. He could make a bunch of different impressions of animals through his farting. He was famous for having an enema every morning. He farted for kings, my friend. That is how great he was. He was an entertainer who farted his ass off.

Dan  11:33
All right. Well, Alex is farting for his life.

Jordan  11:36
That's a good point.

Dan  11:36
So we all know why we're here today. So I decided to just blow past the first few hours of bullshit and rambling about nukes on Alex's show to get down to when the verdict is read. obviously. This happened literally right after Alex had signed off in the fourth hour of his show. that is. This is him going to break for commercials at 16 after the top of the hour. He just leaves.

Alex Jones  12:00
Get your X3, get your Vitamin Mineral Fusion. Get it all at Infowars store dot com. All right, Jay Dyer takes over the next 45 minutes then I would Shroyer like I said, we're back at 6pm Central. Please magnify the broadcast. You are the power. You're the reason we're successful. Share the links tonight. Tell folks, tune into this emergency broadcast.

Dan  12:24
Naturally, Alex did not leave and Jay Dyer got the bump. Because after the commercial break, Alex comes back. And here's where we are.

Alex Jones  12:33
All right. Jay Dyer was set to host. They just handed me a note during the break,

Jordan  12:39
what'd it say?

Alex Jones  12:41
And it is, verdict will be read in about two minutes. So that's from my lawyer, Norm Pattis. It's being announced. They had a total show trial. They are now having the Secretary of State in Texas, said they want to sue me for questioning the election, saying I unleashed hell on them. Didn't even question the Texas election, the Republicans won. But just total made up crap.

Dan  13:07
Oof. That's an unfortunate reveal of Alex's true feelings. He didn't question the Texas election because Republicans won. duh. Sure sounds like someone who's driven by concerns that are sincere about election integrity.

Jordan  13:18
Hey, now that might be him revealing too much in an offhand comment that he didn't think anybody would pay attention to.

Dan  13:24
He is above the left right paradigm.

Jordan  13:26
Totally because Republicans won. And that's when you're above the left right paragraph.

Dan  13:30
So about this, the Texas Secretary of State came out and made some comments about how severe the harassment that election workers had been getting. right. right. And Alex Jones is, you know, definitely a part of that.

Jordan  13:43
Yeah, he's mentioned.

Dan  13:44
He's not gonna get sued for this. That's that's not, I don't think that was even in, I read an article in The Hill about it. That wasn't even like a part of like, he should face consequences for this. Realize that there is this consequence for

Jordan  13:57
Right, right. We're already we're already there. yeah We've got the consequences down.

Dan  14:02
Yeah. So Alex goes to the verdict. And I will say to his credit, he is not under any pretense that this is going to go well.

Jordan  14:10
Okay.

Dan  14:11
--but just total made up crap. Where a public official, including an FBI agent, never said his name. I don't know who was named, didn't even know who he was til he sued me, suing me for $550 million. As part of this, they want 8.2 5 billion just for the first count, there's four counts. That's what the lawyers asked for last week. For questioning Sandy Hook. Never said the name of the FBI agent. So now bureaucrats can sue you under this precedent for asking questions. So they're about to announce the verdict. The jury took like four days of deliberation time, not counting the weekend to come back, here is the judge. Let's go to the audio of the biggest show trial in US history with the jury, we'll see what happens, we'll see if they saw through it. I don't think they will. They're already told I'm guilty, here it is.

Dan  14:11
Yeah, it's like, see if they saw through it. See if we we pilled them. I don't think we did.

Jordan  14:59
Hey, let's throw this one out there.

Dan  15:00
I think Norm shanked it, I don't think it went well.

Jordan  15:03
It might as well have been him, him being like, I'm gonna get down on my knees for a little while. I'm gonna pray into this microphone. but. And the news is going to be bad.

Dan  15:12
But at the same time, I'm under no pretense that this is, I, there's no good news coming, folks.

Jordan  15:20
Let me ask you folks, you know how much I believe in God? Well, I don't believe in him enough to think he's gonna help me out here.

Dan  15:26
I am not gonna get a miracle. no. So he has a prediction about this. He actually he has some some numbers in mind.

Jordan  15:33
All right

Alex Jones  15:34
--the judge looks pleased. Probably $200 million. We don't have any money. So it's all big joke. This is their trial. This is demo. There's Blumenthal's son, the anti gun Democrat running all this.

Dan  15:50
Yeah. So this is this is a good way to experience it. One of the lawyers is the son of Senator Blumenthal. And so of course, this is all because of that.

Jordan  16:01
Yeah, no no, now that that makes perfect sense, it's a convincing thing that Alex is saying, right now.

Dan  16:08
 I find myself persuaded.

Jordan  16:09
I mean, it's obvious.

Dan  16:11
So this is a 200 million is what he's saying, he thinks. sure. He does say that he had an all hands meeting, like a couple days before, and he predicted a billion. So I don't know if there was something about the judge's body language that talked him down from that billion prediction to 200 million. right. But as the 900 million plus verdict comes along, he's like, I always knew it was gonna be a billion.

Jordan  16:36
Yeah, well, it's nice to be an asshole for once and then all of a sudden be like, Ah, see, I was right.

Dan  16:42
It's also nice to just play fast and loose with prediction.

Jordan  16:46
If, if the only hashtag for Alex Jones Was Right, was him predicting he would lose a billion dollars? I would I would agree. I'd be like, hashtag Alex Jones Was Right.

Dan  16:59
To be fair, I'm not sure there's any public version of him predicting that outside...

Jordan  17:04
That's fair. That's fair.

Dan  17:06
So Alex had some feelings about what's going on in this courtroom, and they're pretty troubling.

Court Clerk (735)  17:11
Would you please pass the verdicts to me?

Judge Bellis  17:13
And you can be seated.

Alex Jones  17:22
This is them absolving themselves, all the war crimes, everything...

Jordan  17:26
Sorry, what?

Alex Jones  17:27
Media's good, I'm bad.

Dan  17:28
So this is a weird comment, because in a way, what he's suggesting is that he's some kind of an unwilling Christ figure for the media. By sacrificing him, they're purging their own sin and casting it onto Alex. But Alex hates the media, and he doesn't want their sin. So this is just bizarre.

Jordan  17:44
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, this. So wait, so Alex has hated the mainstream media for forever for doing things that he insists that he never does, right. However, the mainstream media has apparently chosen him as the avatar for all the bad things they do that he does. right. Right. So he's admitting that he does those

Dan  18:08
I will. I don't know. No, not I don't think so. He is without sin. That's why he must be the vessel for their sin.

Jordan  18:18
They don't tell that about the real Christ story. He's kind of an asshole.

Dan  18:21
 Well he killed a kid.

Jordan  18:22
I mean, one day well, I mean, he fought dragons. He killed a kid. He brought the kid back to life though.

Dan  18:28
Whatever the case, Alex does sincerely look at this as like, I am Christ-like.

Alex Jones  18:34
--on the verge of nuclear war. This is happening. I questioned the mass shooting. I questioned Jussie Smollett WMDs in Iraq. I'm a thought criminal. Judge found me guilty, told the jury how guilty I was. She's pausing to give the media time, they all dial in to their full effect. Try to give credibility to the corporate system again, which they'll never bring back. It's a dinosaur trying to be resurrected. Come on, crucify me. Let's get it going.

Dan  19:11
I really feel like he's getting impatient with the process and just being like, well, I'm doing a show. And. yeah. I'm tuning in for the verdict. So I can do like some sort of a pageant about it. sure. And there's lulls here and I have to fill that time...

Jordan  19:27
Right, right, right.

Dan  19:29
--I'm doing a show, right. And that's kind of a tension.

Jordan  19:31
No, no, no, no. So what you should do in the trial where the point is, you made a bunch of money off of hurting these people, is try and make a lot of money off of hurting them when they, Oh, no, that's bad.

Dan  19:48
Well,that's pretty much what's gonna be happening. I mean, here's a plug in the middle of waiting for the numbers.

Alex Jones  19:53
--people are pathetic, their rule over this country's over. So proud of our work. I'm so proud of your support. Get two years appeals now. They won't shut us down. You support us. Infowar store dot com. Save infowars dot com. Donate now, fight these monsters.

Dan  20:10
No. I mean, you know, there's downtime, the court, they're shuffling papers, around, the bailiffs coming up to get the papers and what have you, why not throw in a little, save Infowars dot com, baby.

Jordan  20:22
And if he was in the courtroom while the bailiff was shuffling papers around, he'd be like, I gotta go outside so I can say that people need to donate money before the verdict is read.

Dan  20:33
Also buy food. Yeah, absolutely. absolutely. There's a there's a weird thing where he's saying like, the judge is pausing in order to get the media to tune in for maximum impact. right. He knows that more people are tuning in to him to see his reaction to the verdict. totally. Doing these like plugs in the lull. But yeah, it's playing the same game he's accusing the court of doing.

Jordan  20:57
I will give the judge perhaps some of the most credit that a reactionary person as myself can give, which is that she read pages upon pages, like 15 pages, I don't know how many pages, read them so quietly, didn't laugh didn't say a word did show it emotion. She was reading out a billion dollars and was like, a billion dollars you know, interesting.

Dan  21:24
You know what the you have to do to pass the secondary bar that gets you to be a judge? just faceless. Yeah, what you have to do is you have to wear one of those clear helmets with a scorpion in it.

Jordan  21:36
Oh, that's a good idea. No reaction whatsoever. exactly. That's smart. Yeah, smart. Yeah.

Dan  21:41
Have to be able to keep a real stiff upper lip.

Jordan  21:44
I swear I don't know if I could read that first page. She read the first page as an adult, a human adult. And it said $120 million and she did not immediately go, pahah!

Dan  21:58
You have, and a job position and an office and all that but you are human. yeah. And it's it seems tough. Maybe you don't laugh. a miracle. But to go, hooh!

Jordan  22:08
Yeah. Something like Whoa Nelly. or make some facial like. Nothing, nothing. She was dead. It was it was amazing.

Dan  22:17
A pro. yeah. So anyway, Alex, is he saying is this two years of appeals and that may be fairly close to accurate in terms of how, the projection of how the process could work. But he also is losing faith that they're going to read the verdict. oh, yeah. He's getting so annoyed.

Alex Jones  22:36
Save infowars dot com. Infowars store dot com. That's how you resist, getting great products at the same time. We will gonna appeal this, we're in such tyranny, they'll probably say no on the appeal but two years left, whatever, we're on the edge of nuclear war doesn't even matter. It shows how tone deaf these people are. But I wanted to air a report I said I would get to it, I didn't. Weather weaponization of hurricane Ian. of course. 5g control your body, they want to poison injection control your body, they want to control the weather. And they admit they're doing it all but they say it's a conspiracy theory when we talk about it.

Judge Bellis  23:07
--foreperson. Alright, so we can...

Alex Jones  22:08
Oh wait they're coming back.

Dan  23:11
Oh, no. Gotta push back that weather weapon.

Jordan  23:15
I mean, if here's the problem, if weather weapons are real, right? Honestly, losing a billion dollars doesn't seem that important to me. I'd be like, they have weather weapons. All is, all bets are off.

Dan  23:30
If Alex's shit was real at all, there's so many more important things to do than...

Jordan  23:36
A million. Who cares.

Dan  23:37
--navel gaze through your, your trial? Yeah. absolutely. But you know, it is what it is.

Jordan  23:44
Why are you mad about millions of dollars when 90% of the population is going to be dead soon?

Dan  23:50
Well yeah, nuclear war, millions of people being killed by the COVID vaccine, weather weapons. the whole thing. Boy, it's severe. But also look at this court.

Jordan  23:59
He's not having a good time.

Dan  24:00
So, but he is, he's having a great time he's very positive.

Jordan  24:03
That's not good.

Judge Bellis  24:05
Just bear with me, alright.

Alex Jones  24:11
Corrupt guilty system wanted to scapegoat me as the bad guy when they are the bad guys, no one believes them. Everybody hates them that has half a brain, their system's over, they know it, they're in full panic mode. This is exactly what I expected.

Dan  24:24
It's very busy, there's a pump up to it, there's positive like, Yeah, yeah all right. They're the bad guy.

Jordan  24:29
I knew I was walking into the lions den, I'm not surprised there are lions there. yeah. I got it.

Dan  24:34
And you know we talked about this a bit, this dynamic of Alex interpreting consequences and negative feedback as virtue, as symbols of virtue. right. And so for this, it's like, it's basically a revealing of how virtuous. yeah hey, yeah, well. Understood in Infowars world, this is like, how over the target am I? A billion dollars over the target.

Jordan  24:57
I have 965 million good person units that I was awarded in this trial, now I know that says they get money but I got good person units.

Dan  25:10
Now that's not real. And Alex doesn't actually believe that deep down. no. But that is the public presentation of it, so when we get to the first count read for the first plaintiff, which is Robbie Parker. right. He ends up with $120 million judgment day. And here's Alex.

Court Clerk (735)  25:29
--to plaintiffs Robbie Parker, A, defamation slash slander damages past and future, $60 million. B, emotional distress damages past and future $60 million. Total fair just and reasonable damages to plaintiff, Robert Parker, and against Alex Jones and Free Speech Systems, add line A and line B, total $120 million.

Alex Jones  25:57
YEAH! WHOOO!

Jordan  26:01
Here's what I'll say. yeah. If they sued me, and got a judgment of $120 million, you know, I'm gonna laugh and shout because fucking go for it, man. You can have all of my money and $100 million. We got. Fine. You know, what you're suing me for is what I've got. Alex actually has $120 million. So that first judgment must have been like, oh fuck!

Dan  26:32
Well, I mean, like, if I'm sued for even if I have $120 million, per se. sure. If I'm sued for it, and the judgment is being read. And I also have other cases that are still pending. I'm probably not going to laugh at that judgment. right. That looks a little bad in terms of like, you know, we want to play this for other courts? true. We hit him with a billion dollar judgment.

Jordan  26:54
And he went, ah yay! You're right.

Dan  26:58
It probably leads one to believe that these these penalties cannot be high enough. right. In terms of getting him to change any of his behavior.

Jordan  27:07
Right. Right. So he's, he's kind of experiencing a moment. Like, like, how I loved the nuclear bomb, like it was, it was that kind of like, he's, he's Slim Pickins on the nuclear bomb, just riding, whee! But Slim Pickins dies immediately after that. He doesn't have to then go to court.

Dan  27:28
Well, that's why it's art. yeah. I mean, it's like a child who gets sent to timeout and you have to go sit in the bathroom and then they break things in the bathroom. yeah. It's like well, alright, time out's not gonna work, we have to escalate this somehow.

Jordan  27:40
The sun is available and we have rockets.

Dan  27:43
So yeah, I mean, basically, all he can do is cheer.

Court Clerk (735)  27:46
Francine Wheeler, A, defamation slash slander damages past and future, $24 million. B, emotional distress damages past and future $30 million dollars. Total fair just and reasonable damages to plaintiff Francie Wheeler and against Alex Jones and Free Speech Systems, add line A  and line B, total $54 million.

Alex Jones  28:09
Yeah! Woo!

Dan  28:13
There's nothing really more insightful than that. Whoo and numbers. I mean, it's it's I think he's just trying to put a brave face forward. And again, play into that, like, this means I'm so right. right. They're that afraid of me. right. I don't know, I find it a little bit boring honestly, as a response.

Jordan  28:32
I mean, I can't, I can't imagine my response. Because that's an absurd, like, I mean.

Dan  28:39
There's so many steps you would have to go through to get to the point where you would be experiencing this response that might change you along the way. definitely. And prepare you to be a shithead in that moment.

Jordan  28:49
For sure. I think, just, I wouldn't be surprised really, if hearing those words didn't come off as unreal to him. Like it was a fully surreal moment for me. Like the moment, the first moment they said $60 million. I lost my shit. right. You know, like, I was like, I can't believe that this. pretty surprising. It was and I imagined for Alex it has to have been like, well, this is clearly pretend. And I'm dreaming, you know, because he's very little attached to reality in the first place.

Dan  29:20
Sure. Yeah, sure. I don't know. Is there any movie about this? That Alex gonna pretend was predictive programming for him?

Jordan  29:28
I'll tell you this. Not fucking yet. There will be.

Dan  29:31
Fingers crossed one day you get to make that movie, Jordan, and the casting will be weird.

Jordan  29:35
It is going to be weird.

Dan  29:37
So yeah, I mean, there's just a bunch of celebration and like, it just feels like a game to him honestly.

Court Clerk (735)  29:46
To plantiff Ian Hockley...

Alex Jones  29:48
and they're not. They're going to keep suing everybody.

Court Clerk (735)  29:50
--slander damages past and future $38 million.

Alex Jones  29:53
Good.

Court Clerk (735)  29:54
B, emotional distress damages past and future $43,600,000...

Alex Jones  30:00
Good. If we don't hit a billion, I'm not happy. I want to be the billion dollar man.

Court Clerk (735)  30:04
---against Alex Jones and Free Speech...

Jordan  30:06
So close.

Court Clerk (735)  30:07
--add line A and line B, $81,600,000, initialed by juror number 1.

Alex Jones  30:13
Good.

Dan  30:14
Yeah, good. So yeah, he keeps saying like, bump it up. yeah. At a certain point it's like well, you're gonna, you're gonna have all this above you, might, might as well like make it comical.

Jordan  30:26
Yeah, it does feel like this is your like, this is your team in the Super Bowl. Right, and you're down 21-3, and the other team is at the 10 yard line and you're just like, yeah, man, run up the score. I want to lose by 100. That sounds fucking great, man. I didn't like this football game anyway.

Dan  30:46
I want to set records.

Jordan  30:47
Totally. Yeah, if we're gonna lose, we should lose by the most there's ever been.

Dan  30:52
Right. Right. Yeah, losing by 100 in the Superbowl just proves how right you were about football.

Jordan  30:56
It means that I was better at football than anybody.

Dan  30:59
So yeah, and you know, along the way, there's not a whole lot of content. But he does take a couple avenues to introduce some like, I don't know, anti trans commentary. great.

Court Clerk (735)  31:09
$18,600,000.

Alex Jones  31:11
So this is what a show trial looks like. I mean, this is the Left completely out of control. Do whatever they want, like drag queen storytime two men can have a baby. I mean, this is what they do. This is their this is their, their panacea.

Court Clerk (735)  31:25
--add line A and line B, $57,600,000.

Alex Jones  31:30
57 million! 20 million! 50 million! 80 million! 100 million! Blah, blah, you get a million, you get 100 million, you got a 50 million.

Dan  31:37
Nice Oprah, there. Nice reference to Oprah. yeah,yeah. His dear friend, Ofrah Winfrey.

Jordan  31:43
He enjoyed her show.

Dan  31:46
Look, I mean, there's not a lot going on here outside of this. yeah, I imagine so. I'll be totally clear. I mean, if you want you can watch the video and see his facial expressions and what have you, but like, it's just a bunch of, yah! Bump it up! Make it higher!

Jordan  31:59
Oh, man, what if he played My Way slowly, like a little bit underneath.

Dan  32:06
It would have heard how much more fitting

Jordan  32:08
Oh, that'd have been great.

Dan  32:09
That whole pageant from the other day would have been perfect here.

Jordan  32:11
Immediately. Like, interspersed with the verdicts being read like $60 million. You know, like,that's what it should've been.

Dan  32:19
Regrets, I have a few. yeah, absolutely. It would have had like thematic art, artistic purpose. it would have been a show. Yeah. Whereas this is just kind of boring. And I think Alex even gets bored of listening to these numbers. yeah.

Court Clerk (735)  32:32
--Plantiff Eric Lafferty...

Alex Jones  32:33
Okay, so this is gonna take hours and hours here about the billions and billions and billions I owe. Let's put up Drudge Report right now for people. oh my god. Billion dollars owed by Alex Jones. I personally don't have $2 million. The company is almost completely out of money. We're in bankruptcy. There's two appeals. It'll take years. There's cap on almost all of this. This is just completely absolutely made up. And now the Democratic Party run CNN bought it years ago, literally I was told that, Drudge Report is just up there celebrating this. They want to scare everybody away from freedom and scare us away from questioning Uvalde and what really happened there or Parkland or any other event. And guess what? We're not scared and we're not going away. And we're not going to stop. And literally for hundreds of 1000s of dollars I can keep them in court for years. I can appeal this stuff. We can stand up against this travesty, against the billions of dollars they want. It's a joke. So please go to Infowars store dot com.

Dan  33:33
He's decided that the Drudge Report is bad now again. sure sure. So that's fun.

Jordan  33:38
Anyone who reports that he was not the hero who received an unfair kangaroo court billion dollar judgment is now evil.

Dan  33:48
These shifting alliances are are hard to keep track of. well, when the devil's involved. So Alex, I mean this is in the fourth hour, it takes a while for these verdicts to be read and so Alex runs out of time and the War Room starts and I thought Alex would be riding shotgun with the War Room. absolutely, just stay in the chair. Nah, Owen takes over. boo. And I will say, Owen tries to put on a brave face. let's hear it.

Owen Shroyer  34:18
All you liberals, all you Democrats, all you globalist, all you evil freaks, all you pedophiles, all tuning in Infowars today, hoping that you're going to be celebrating and basking in our depression, our oppression and the attacks against us. No, we've never felt better, actually. You've given us the biggest victory of all time, you've confirmed that everything we've been fighting for is is is real, or you've confirmed everything we're fighting against is real , you've only you've only solidified our dedication to the truth.

Dan  34:50
This seems convincing.

Jordan  34:52
Oh man, man, if everybody was celebrating my downfall, the last thing I would do was get up on a public place and be like oh, I'm not down falling. No.

Dan  35:03
Actually, I'm not mad.

Jordan  35:05
I'd be like, mmm, I'm going to go away.

Dan  35:06
This is a billion dollar judgment against the company that is the only people who would ever employ me in any media capacity, is not a problem for me at all.

Jordan  35:18
I would have my resume on the screen and I'd be deleting the years I worked for Infowars off of it.

Dan  35:24
I would also be showcasing skills on air. I'd be juggling, I'd be spinning plates, I'd be just doing whatever I could to be like, someone fucking hire me.

Jordan  35:32
Frankly with Owen, just demonstrate basic Excel skills, that'll go a longer way than anything else he does right now.

Dan  35:40
So one of the things he does not juggling, not Excel, not plate spinning. He interviews Norm Pattis to do a post mortem.

Jordan  35:50
How does that how does that man live on the day to day. When he wakes up and looks at his dumb ponytail in the mirror every morning? What does he think?

Dan  35:59
You know, you ever seen that Faithfully video by Journey? So the music video, you know, the road is no place to start a family? sure. There's a shot in it that always sticks out in my mind and that's Steve Perry has a mustache. There's a shot of him very soulfully shaving his mustache, looking in the mirror. And there's, just after a beating like Norm had in court, I just picture him like looking in a mirror and just soulfully cutting off the pony tail.

Jordan  36:31
Shouldn't he have to? need a rebrand, man. I just feel like there's some sort of warrior code where if you lose that bad, like I'm not saying that there's any kind of, it's just, you know, you cut your ponytail off if you lose that bad.

Dan  36:45
I will say to Norm's credit, and one of the few times I'll say that. yeah. Owen is trying to do this, like, we're actually as happy as we've ever been, Norm is at least at the perspective of like, that was a beating. Yeah, it was bad. yeah, good. There's a lot of things we can do. But that was bad. that was about as bad as it could go. Yeah. And so Norm, actually his message that he brings to Owen is

Jordan  37:08
It's so bad, the illion starts with a B.

Dan  37:12
Uh, and it might end with an S.

Owen Shroyer  37:15
Norm Pattis representing Alex Jones in this case, he was in the courtroom there. He has joined us on the phone now. So we're gonna get his first response to this. $1 billion, Norm, it's time to start cutting the checks.

Norm Pattis  37:31
Yeah, well, let me you know, you know, either that or printing more Monopoly money. That was pretty astounding. And what's more, that's just the beginning, there'll be an attorney's fee application, which could increase this by about 40% to 1.4 billion. And then Judge Bellis will also have the ability to make a separate finding on punitive damages. So by the time this is done, it could easily be two, two and a half billion dollars.

Dan  37:56
Like oh, and you think this is bad? Let me double it for you.

Jordan  37:59
Man. I could not be happier with Norm's wet blanket on Owens bullshit, brave face.

Dan  38:06
Well, I also think that this is probably a smart thing to do. Because then if you end up with 1 billion it's like, I'm a hero.

Jordan  38:12
Could have been two and a half. Yeah, come on. I do appreciate that Norm really, really feels like in the moment that this is a problem that is worth two and a half billion dollars. He really feels it. He knows.

Dan  38:32
So it sends a chilling message though, it's a thing. to Alex? No to other people who want to have free speech. Now, Alex has been just crowing constantly about how like, this, he's gonna appeal. You know, all we're gonna fight this forever. Norm is his lawyer and Norm in this clip says he doesn't know if Alex is going to appeal. good call.

Norm Pattis  38:52
It's a it's a huge verdict. It sends a chilling message. I think the message that it sends is, you know, if you are outside the mainstream media, if you're challenging the orthodoxy and the orthodoxy determines what you said isn't true, there is now a body of law, if this stands on appeal, by the way, and we will, I hope that Alex takes the appeal, you know, that would say you're responsible for anybody said if you've uttered an untruth.

Dan  39:20
That's not the message at all. And if, IF Alex takes the appeal? Alex is fundraising for the appeal incessantly already. So that doesn't feel right. no. You should be saying we're already at work on the appeal.

Jordan  39:34
I mean, he should be saying that Alex is fundraising to avoid having to deal with, I mean, here's the problem with an appeal. Okay, is at an appeal, unlike at this current trial, they can't bring in the evidence that you know, there was already a $50 million judgment against Alex. At no point in time in the trial could they be like, hey, jury, just so you know, we've run this game before and Alex lost, you know, so in an appeals court, you could be like, hey, guess what? Four separate juries awarded billions of dollars.

Dan  40:11
Well but the question becomes like, is there a procedural problem with this case? sure. And that would be what you would be appealing on. And if Norm, as the lawyer, like he would know what the grounds for the appeal are. sure. And he would probably be involved in it as Alex's lawyer.

Jordan  40:29
Well he would be the reason that it's a mistrial.

Dan  40:30
That's interesting. yeah. Hey, this one's on me.

Jordan  40:35
This one's my deal. Oh, did I get the worst judgment in history? Nah, man, I got the biggest mistrial in history.

Dan  40:42
But yeah, this this feeling though, the sentiment that consequences are a sign of virtue. right. Is just like a constant through line. everywhere. Owen is very deeply entrenched in that. oh god.

Owen Shroyer  40:55
I think that just, this just confirms it. I mean, most people would say that America is corrupt. Most people would say that this country has a corruption problem politically. And so then you would make the statement, you'd say, well, how do you know who's fighting the corruption? Well, who gets attacked by the establishment the most, who gets attacked by the deep state the most? Who do they go out for the most, and once again, the name is Alex Jones, the institution, the news organization is Infowars. Now, I don't know if you can get into the future, as far as you know, appealing this or whatever, because I know the audience is going to want to know, you know, what, what the future might hold as far as appeals are concerned. But, you know, I get your response to it like this. Let's try to put it into a real world situation for the future. Let's say that back in December of 2020, you go on air, and you question the efficacy of the COVID vaccine. Well, oh, now you're getting sued by the companies that made the COVID vaccine. But here we are a year later. And now they're admitting the COVID vaccines are not safe or effective. Folks, that's what they're trying to silence is somebody saying what they believe to be true, which might ultimately be the truth? They don't want it out there, Norm.

Dan  42:03
So no one's getting sued for that. right. And like, here's a short list of claims that might be actionable against Alex, for family members of people who lost people to COVID who didn't do anything because Alex said it was safe. Remember when he said it was like, it was a race specific bio weapon? That seems like something that might be weird, or when he said it was only killing males? That was a little thing. Or when he had David Icke on and David Icke said viruses aren't even real.

Jordan  42:32
That's true. You only accept them into your body.

Dan  42:35
But David Icke hasn't even been sued for these things.

Jordan  42:38
No, I feel like what Owen just said is, we're grateful that the vaccine itself does not have grounds to sue or a consciousness. Because if it did, it would.

Dan  42:49
Well, no, I think a virus would owe Alex.

Jordan  42:51
That's a good point. The virus owes Alex a lot.

Dan  42:54
I think that Owen's example that he's using there is shit. And that's because Alex would never have been sued if all he was doing was questioning a shooting. You have to come up with these fake arguments, because the underlying points that he's trying to make just aren't true.

Jordan  43:06
I mean, the his entire show is evidence for why this is different. Like he does all the stuff that he says he's like, Oh, I questioned this. I questioned this, and no one has a problem. It's this that he's getting sued for. How is that not consistently pointed out to them?

Dan  43:26
It seems relevant. it does. Also, this brut is not very good. Are you sure this isn't like a giant champagne filled, champagne bottle shaped thing of cologne? Is brut a kind of cologne?

Jordan  43:36
Oh, man, I'm going to tell you this right now. The Willamette Valley is not going to be happy with your reviews.

Dan  43:43
Nothing but respect for Willamette Valley

Jordan  43:45
As much as I love Oregon, I'm going to tell you something Willamette.

Dan  43:49
So Norm, like I said, I think some of his perspective is maybe a little bit more forgivable or at least more palatable than some of the other folks. And this one, I think, is right right in there. And that is, Norm being like, if I hadn't shown up, it wouldn't have been like it, maybe he'd be better off.

Norm Pattis  44:06
I think that's what they used to do to dissidents in Stalin's Russia. I, you know, the Sandy Hook parents were lovely people, they made good witnesses. There were things to argue about in this case, but the court didn't want to hear argument about it. I had to move mountains to win the right to make the limited little arguments I was permitted to make in that courtroom. But the bottom line is, if I'd stayed home, Alex wouldn't have been much worse off. The court just didn't want to hear from me, and didn't want to let the jury hear from me.

Dan  44:38
It's debatable. Like he might have been better off if Norm hadn't shown up or any other lawyer who didn't say, hey, maybe these people are exaggerating their grief and maybe a different different lawyer, maybe, would have done better. I think I think Norm's, exclusion from this case might have been advantageous to Alex.

Jordan  44:57
I will die believing that if they had not presented any defense, if they had just been like, listen, we do not have any defense for our actions, the judgment would not be a billion dollars

Dan  45:12
I would say so yeah, I think that they made things worse for themselves. absolutely. If there was just sort of like a opening statement and closing statement about like the philosophical idea.

Jordan  45:22
We tried, this is what happened. Maybe we went too far. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. And then they were just like, no questioning No. Yeah.

Dan  45:32
I think they would definitely come out looking better than the way things went.

Jordan  45:38
Absolutely. Well, what is your apology if your apology isn't in the opening statement? And the closing statement?

Dan  45:45
Well and it doesn't it doesn't work to your advantage to have Alex yell about how this is a struggle session.

Jordan  45:52
Real problem. It's a real problem. Yeah.

Dan  45:55
But anyway, Norm, Norm he's he's pretty chill about this. sure.

Owen Shroyer  45:58
I'm sure you, now, at the expense of Alex Jones, are getting attacks from probably sides that you never expected to be attacked from.

Norm Pattis  46:07
Oh, yeah. I mean, you know, I'm just getting phone calls and text messages. You know, maligning my lawyering and suggesting that you know, that I either threw the case or that I'm incompetent and I'm scum. This, that, and everything else. believe all three. Obviously, it hurts. I don't like it. But I'm not going to pay a whole lot of rent for the space I occupy in other people's heads. That's their problem. Not mine. Haters are gonna hate

Dan  46:33
Haters are gonna hate!

Jordan  46:35
Haters are gonna hate. Haters are gonna hate. That is, that is the voice of a man who is going to get paid, despite having lost a billion dollars.

Dan  46:44
Hey, I lost a billion dollar case, it is what it is.

Jordan  46:47
Hey, buddy, guess what, hours are still billable.

Dan  46:52
Haters gonna hate hate hate hate hate.

Jordan  46:54
Haters gonna hate. Hey, listen, Alex, sorry about that.

Dan  46:56
Players gonna play play play play. listen. Shake it off. Shake it off, Alex!

Jordan  47:02
You know what the most important lesson for a lot of people is? When to take the L and Norm knows this is an L. It's time to take it.

Dan  47:09
Maybe you pretend that you could have won, or something? nope. But don't fight it too hard.

Jordan  47:17
No, no. If I, if I had had my druthers, we could have won.

Dan  47:21
If I could have said anything in court. Then maybe. But as it is, haters gonna hate.

Jordan  47:26
Turns out that lying is not okay in court. Haters gonna hate.

Dan  47:30
So Norm believes that there's a question that no one asks about Infowars. This is the essential question. okay.

Norm Pattis  47:37
And the question that nobody asks, and for which there must be an answer it is, you know, what makes Alex and Infowars and you so popular? You don't hook people on some sort of drug that is foreign to their body. You talk about things that are obvious to them and that no one else talks about. And until people begin to understand what makes a show like Infowars or Alex Jones or Owen Shroyer are popular, they're asking the wrong questions.

Dan  48:05
I agree with Norm that this is a factor that's underappreciated in terms of understanding Infowars and misinformation in general, but his conclusion is childish. No one actually gravitates to Infowars or Alex because of his handle on information or the idea that he talks about stories no one else has the nerve to cover and I would say that there is a drug that he hooks his listeners on even ignoring the dumb placebo ass supplements that he sells at huge markups. And he sells to people by pretending that they have a deficiency that he can solve. yeah. Like you don't have iodine in you so you need it. yeah. Alex creates emotional hooks that get into people and they operate very similarly to how a drug might. The truth or falsity of things Alex says don't matter to the audience because he's eliciting a feeling that they believe is true. Some story about an immigrant murdering a white woman that Alex yells about may not actually be true, but the audience doesn't care because to them, the feeling he's promoting with that story that, you should be afraid of immigrants and that they want to kill white women, is true. That's the majority of what Alex has got in his skill, set evoking feelings, and it's pretty easy to see why his show is successful while Owen and Harrison are just pathetic also rans. They can't stir emotions like Alex can. Owen's just doing a bad Alex impression most of the time and doesn't come off as sincere at all. And Harrison's just too clearly a whiny baby dweeb. They can get a little bit of traction but they can't come anywhere near to even being like Alex's second because they can't do this. That's why PJW sucks on Alex's show, but he's really successful on YouTube. in that format with the quick cuts and the weird close ups on his face looking very emotional, Paul is able to make the audience feel things. Even David Knight had a bit of this, which is why part a part of why it was so dumb for Alex to fire him. To you or I David Knight was a painfully boring snooze but his rhetorical style was good at reaching the older demographics, who really don't care for Alex's theatricality and yelling, he could elicit feelings in the older crowd.

Jordan  50:04
It was supplementary for the people that Alex can't hit.

Dan  50:07
Exactly, yeah. Anyway, no one goes to Infowars because they want information or hard hitting reporting. That's the lie they tell themselves so they don't have to admit that they're going to Alex for a hit of emotions that they crave for some reason or another, usually to justify unjustifiable positions that they have like racism or homophobia. right. They're able to intellectualize those feelings by Alex appealing to those, those feelings.

Jordan  50:31
No, and we we all instinctively know this not least, like if you want to get into brain chemistry, the feeling you get from being right over and over again during a broadcast you know, like Alex so often consistently massaging your ego you know, how different from that is getting high for three hours, you know?

Dan  50:53
And Alex yelling about how you've saved the world. totally, totally. And you are saving the world by giving him money.

Jordan  50:59
Yeah, absolutely, jerk my ego off or I get high. Like it's very similar kind of things, you know?

Dan  51:05
Yeah. Not too dissimilar. yeah. So Owen wants to sue people now too, because like...

Jordan  51:10
Well, it's fun to do, it's popular.

Dan  51:12
--people just got a billion dollars.

Jordan  51:13
It's time to sue.

Dan  51:14
Yeah, so people call him a racist. And so he wants to sue. why, because he's as he's racist? Well, Norm has an interesting response here. let's hear it.

Owen Shroyer  51:20
You know what's funny hearing you say all that? You know, I'm banned from pretty much all big tech platforms can't take an Uber can't take an Airbnb, people call me a racist all the time insurrectionist, all these lies about me. I wonder when am I gonna be able to sue for a billion dollars, Norm?

Norm Pattis  51:33
Well, you might, you can try. You just got to find a jury that's willing to get, give it to you. You know.

Dan  51:38
Yeah, you can try. That's probably not the response that you want to hear from the lawyer. Go for it. I mean, you can't because you never win that case. You can try.

Jordan  51:48
In private, that's the response that you want to hear from a lawyer. On your show, you want to hear, Hell yeah, we can all sue tomorrow. It's gonna sue.

Dan  51:57
Norm just took that big L so he's...

Jordan  52:01
I mean it's tough to do a show.

Dan  52:02
--in that place. This is like an hour later, if that.

Jordan  52:05
If I had just walked off the stage after bombing for an hour, I would be very difficult to talk to coherently.

Dan  52:11
What if you just ate shit for like a half hour set? And you came off stage to a bill of a billion dollars from the bar. You drank the wrong bottle.

Jordan  52:20
That is that is not far enough, relatively speaking, from a lot of my life. In my world at the time, my bill, my bar bill was about a billion dollars.

Dan  52:33
So look, the interview is not very interesting past past this, not not a lot of insight, you're getting sort of a lot of the same like we're gonna appeal. It'll take two years, right? Blah, blah, blah. Give Alex money. The law. Yeah, so the War Room. nothing. The rest of it's just Owen being Owen and I don't care. garbage. So later in the evening, Alex comes back. And he does his evening emergency broadcast. And by this point, he's got himself a clip of Chris Mattei on the, on the steps of the courthouse afterwards with the families behind him, giving a press conference. And Alex plays that. This is sort of th, his thesis, he plays this a lot of this clip, he plays a bunch.

Alex Jones  53:17
So they got our financials and they defaulted us. They know we don't have any money. So he gets up and he says, don't give him money. So we can't appeal so they can shut us down. That's their mission. Obviously, Democrat Party, ambulance chaser, King Daddy says don't give us money. What do you do? It's totally disgusting. Let's play one more time then we'll go to Steve Quayle of Steve Quayle dot com. Listen to your enemy saying, do not support us, listen to this.

Chris Mattei  53:44
But we will be at it as long as it takes. And if you're out there right now, and you're one of Alex Jones's audience members. And you're considering giving him money. I just want you to know that based on the jury's verdict today, it's not a very good bet. And to go back with to what Robbie Parker said, All Alex Jones does his take from you exploit you lie to you. Feed your fears and your anxieties and your mistrust. And the only person that benefits in that equation is him. Well that stops, that's stopping today, thanks to the courage of these families. Thank you very much.

Alex Jones  54:21
Thanks for your rigged court and all the rest of it. No, nothing stops.

Dan  54:24
So two things stick out to me here. The first is that this notion that Mattei would have a plan to discourage Alex's listeners from donating so Alex wouldn't have enough money to appeal the case is super dishonest. yeah. If this case was as much of a railroading as Alex insists it is he should have no problem finding someone to defend him pro bono. For instance, how about his good buddy who clearly feels this case is a threat to the future of the world, media star Bobby Barnes? hey Bobby Barnes. Or if any of this were true that this case like, impinged on fundamental constitutional rights, the ACLU would be all over defending Alex.

Jordan  55:00
They have defended so many goddamn Nazis over the years, Alex is not worse than them yet.

Dan  55:05
If this was a principle matter, the ACLU couldn't, you couldn't stop them from begging to...

Jordan  55:12
Oh my god, we can't wait to show off how ACLU we are. Yeah.

Dan  55:16
The second thing is that tone at the end there were Alex is saying this isn't going to stop, is probably unwise. There's still the Posner case to go, you may remember. And if Alex lets himself fly a little too freely, it feels like that could haunt him, particularly because that case is one where he is super guilty and the damages could end up being way higher than the Lewis Heslin one. Alex is trapped in a space between being essentially impotent to change reality, and needing to appear defiant to the audience or risk the cash drying up. If what Norm says means anything, sure. You know, it could be a while before this appeal is decided and Alex ends up losing that, and likely ends up being sanctioned a ton for abuse of the appeals process along the way. But if the audience loses heart, that's a bigger danger. I went over to save Infowars the fundraiser they had to see how things stood, and he was about $200,000 on the afternoon of the 13th, the day after the verdict came in. So this is the evening of the 12th. Okay, so he's about 200,000. That seems to be about where you know, he can muster. Alex went all out on his show, Owen did what he could on the War Room, and then here we have Alex doing an emergency broadcast that retroactively became part of a marathon that became that started at 8am that day, and then went till midnight. Owen spent like three hours taking calls after Alex left in the first episode of Alex's long awaited all caller show, which actually still isn't the thing. It was just filling time. sure. They pulled out all the stops. And also, this is the tally after Alex's show on the 13th. And this is where they got to. It's a respectable number for sure. But it's not going to do shit for him in terms of staving off bankruptcy or paying lawyers enough to fight this two year appeal process. It seems like the free market is saying that the demand for Alex's show just doesn't justify its existence anymore. And I don't know, like I said this, this, never going to stop, thing, is making the lawyers, the plaintiffs lawyers case for them.

Jordan  57:12
Right. Right. Right. Okay. So if 1 million is .1% of a billion, right. Am I right in saying that?

Dan  57:21
It's 1000 millions.

Jordan  57:23
Right. So...Yeah. So that would be .02% of the total amount needed.

Dan  57:33
Well, to pay that off? Yeah. But the notion is, I need enough money to pay the lawyers, and make the business appear profitable to the bankruptcy court, and then it'll be smooth sailing. right. So maybe $200,000 appears to be close to enough of supplemental money. right. But it's it's, it seems like not enough.

Jordan  57:56
If he gets a billion in Bitcoin, it will really narrow down the number of people who could be

Dan  58:02
That's true...the suspect list is a lot shorter.

Jordan  58:05
8 million is, that's a fairly wide range in America now.

Dan  58:09
But I think I think logistics put aside, the fact that they could do this, like really go all out, have a billion dollar judgment against the company. yeah. And that's what they can muster out of the audience, is not good. I mean, like, we just sort of, sending buttons to people for free. right. And if people want to donate to charity, they can. yeah. And we've raised like, what? $35,000 plus?

Jordan  58:37
Nothing, nothing to fucking shake a stick at. right. It's not 200 grand though.

Dan  58:42
But we also don't have a billion dollar judgment against us. And we're not begging people to donate to it.

Jordan  58:47
You know, that's a big part of our overhead, keeping it low.

Dan  58:50
$35,000 for charity feels like $200,000 in Alex's like, his circumstance. yes. I just think it's a bad omen of what he can muster out of the audience. yeah. They should they should be over a million. yeah. I would think, based on well, actually, the fundraiser, the goal is 500,000.

Jordan  59:12
Right. And they haven't reached the goal,

Dan  59:14
They should have hit it during the marathon.

Jordan  59:16
Yeah, absolutely.

Dan  59:18
If anything about Alex, his reach, his audience's commitment, any of that were, like meaningful. yeah. I find that to be a real, real L for Alex.

Jordan  59:30
Right. If we actually had 10% of the world listening to Knowledge Fight, we would be able to drive more than $200,000 I'm just gonna say that.

Dan  59:41
I would hope. yeah. Or it shows a real lack of engagement and commitment. yeah. Anyway, Alex has had tons of people offer him jobs. sure. But he doesn't give a shit.

Jordan  59:49
Oh, you should take one of them like landscaper. No, I think he'd be a good landscaper.

Dan  59:55
Talking about media jobs. oh. He was not gonna take those because he would be fired from them immediately. yeah, well, that's true. But he reached out, tried to find somebody big to have on for his marathon. And of course, he's got Steve Quayle, the guy who believes in biblical giants. right.

Alex Jones  1:00:11
We've got dozens of organizations ready to put us on air anywhere. You're not shutting crap down. We're intensifying. I'm gonna launch a whole new show in defiance of you. Steve Quayle, one of the icons of the liberty movement were totally vindicated, world government out of the open, poisoned shots, nuclear war, all of it's here.

Dan  1:00:29
Everybody has been vindicated. And of course, that means I don't know if you saw down, where was this? I think this was over by Navy Pier. There were a bunch of giants.

Jordan  1:00:39
Oh shit. Yeah. Oh, my god the last time. So here's the problem. Like we've, I lived in Uptown for five years. When I moved into uptown, unfortunately, it appears that I was gentrification, but I wasn't anywhere near as bad as the giants who have moved into the past year.

Dan  1:00:56
I mean, they're nice giants but they take up a lot of room.

Jordan  1:00:00
Oh my God, so many tall buildings. Now to give them a place to live.

Dan  1:01:03
It ruins the lakefront views guidelines.

Jordan  1:01:05
Skyline.

Dan  1:01:08
So look, they just talk a bunch of bullshit about how World War Three is here.

Jordan  1:01:12
Sure. Well, naturally.

Dan  1:01:13
And, you know. It is. Now World War Three is here. It's because according to them, the international bankers and globalists were afraid because Putin went to the gold standard. sure. Meanwhile, Putin, you know, he just wanted people to respect his borders. That was his whole thing. And then like, you went to the gold standard and everybody else? So mad.


Jordan  1:03:32
Is he on the gold standard? I feel like he's on the oil standard.

Dan  1:01:35
See, that's a problem. Russia didn't go to the gold standard. well that's a problem. They just announced that they would buy gold from domestic institutions for a stable fixed price from March 28 to June 30th 2022. They didn't anchor the ruble's value to gold, which is what Steve is saying that they did in order to justify this conspiracy, that the globalists want to start World War Three over. right. Russia made this move because they have a giant domestic gold supply. The Krastsvetmet plant in Siberia is one of the biggest in the world. And after they invaded Ukraine, these domestic gold producers were barred from selling to international markets. That would be really bad for a lot of folks with a lot of money and valuable commodities. So Putin announced that the Russian government and the central bank would buy their gold at a set price to offset the setbacks that were caused by invading Ukraine.

Jordan  1:02:24
Right. The way the United States does for like cheese and shit, yeah.

Dan  1:02:28
This was set to start on March 28th, and the price was set at 5000 rubles per ounce. However, that announcement made the price of the ruble jump about 20% and on April 7th, Russia decided to go back on their announcement and begin buying gold quote, at a negotiated price. very Russia of them. The rubles had gained in value, so they were getting screwed on the set gold price, so they decided to end it months before the program was set to run. So just to clarify, Steve is saying that the globalists want to start World War Three over the fact that Russia put their currency on a gold standard. But in reality, the ruble isn't on a gold standard. And the short term buying of gold at a set price was just done to offset some of the market inconveniences that came after invading Ukraine. You could say that Steve is on here just spouting complete bullshit in order to spread pro Russia messages and talking points. But

Steve Quayle  1:03:14
--and this is not pro Russia. This is pro truth.

Dan  1:03:18
I stand corrected. right, I gotcha. So that's, that's a large portion of what they end up talking about. And I'm not super interested in it. And yeah, there's a decent chance I would skip past some of it, but some weird stuff ends up happening that actually I kind of enjoy.

Jordan  1:03:33
I'm interested.

Dan  1:33:35
So Alex, one of his big, the ways that this is profitable is, there is a very severe thing that's happening, but there's a chance we can stop it.

Jordan  1:03:44
Sure. right. That's the game.

Dan  1:03:46
There needs to be, there needs to be that window that maybe we can get out of, it's going to be expensive.

Jordan  1:03:51
Tragedy we cannot stop. However. if you donate to us. We can stop it.

Dan  1:03:56
There's a chance. exactly. So he asks, Steve, if this world war three can be stopped. can it?

Steve Quayle  1:04:01
They'll do anything to silence that truth, silence it, truth tellers, even to provoking world war three. And this is the big issue tonight, Alex as we're on together. It's not something they don't want. It's not something they fear. They want it with all of their globalist Luciferian might, because at the end of the day, everything that you've talked about, in all your videos, population, depopulation quotes, plans, how they're going to do it. We've watched millions probably more like at least, I'd say 50 million people dead worldwide on COVID. Why would you believe that people have...

Jordan  1:04:39
50 million?

Alex Jones  1:04:39
--I agree, so can we stop it or is it biblical, is it unstoppable?

Steve Quayle  1:04:44
No, it cannot be stopped. It cannot be stopped. It cannot be stopped. These are the days that obviously the four horsemen of the apocalypse, the book of Revelation. By the way, they, the left, uses, or the press, mainstream press, my, how they're interchangeable, they use those biblical terms.

Dan  1:05:01
Hunker the fuck down then, right?

Jordan  1:05:03
I mean, how do you say that and not also be like, hug your loved ones? No, like you're saying to me that global thermonuclear war is inevitable.

Dan  1:05:15
Well even beyond that. Horsemen of the Apocalypse.

Jordan  1:05:17
Yeah. Explain to me why I go to work the next day.

Dan  1:05:21
Well, unless your job is digging the hole for your family to hide in, I don't know why you would.

Jordan  1:05:27
Well, then let's go dig a hole for my family to hide in.

Dan  1:05:30
Right. I mean, conceivably, it's go to the bunkers, right. I mean, like, it's unstoppable, you said it three times.

Jordan  1:05:37
I mean, okay, so here's, I feel like the game that is happening there is, he's playing a game of chicken with apocalypse, where he's like, Okay, go to work, have some time, go out and eat dinner all the time. But it's coming, so you gotta guess.

Dan  1:05:54
Well, I will say that I think that Steve said shit like this before, and it hasn't really hurt his career. So I think he's probably he's probably a little bit jaded to consequences.

Jordan  1:06:04
Well, the last time Alex claimed we would get hit by a nuclear bomb, I feel like he, he suffered consequences for it, right?

Dan  1:06:10
None. Oh, also, Steve is like an End Times guy. Like he's on Jim Bakker's show. Like he's one of the few people on Alex's show that has like crossover to Bakker. yeah. And like, so it's just kind of his thing. sure. It's always unstoppable, it's always happening.

Jordan  1:06:25
It's always coming. We're already in the first of the circles, et cetera.

Dan  1:06:30
Now, like I said. yeah. I would've skipped this, except something happens. And they talk about Jesus a little bit. Now. you know, I love it. Steve has an interesting relationship with Jesus.

Jordan  1:06:42
Okay. How can you? Okay, let's hear it.

Alex Jones  1:06:46
So we're skipping breaks tonight. We got a few minutes left, Steve Quayle, I appreciate you budgeting time, Steve Quayle dot com. Talking about your awakening, your understanding, it's an amazing story. And just the fact we got to get right with God right now. I think more importantly, than then we should get right with Jesus right now. Spend a little time on that.

Steve Quayle  1:07:03
Well, thank you, Alex. Number one, when when you would ask me and just getting the bottom line. The Bible declares that the testimony of Jesus as a spirit of prophecy, God is the only supreme deity and being, the God of the Bible, that that can tell the end at the beginning. And you know, I had an encounter with, Jesus, physically saw. what? And he gave me a panorama of history.

Dan  1:07:33
Yeah, he physically saw Jesus.

Jordan  1:07:36
What's a panorama of history?

Dan  1:07:38
Well, we've talked about this before, he's said this on, we've discussed him saying this on the show before.

Jordan  1:07:43
Right, he can see the beginning and the end of his own life.

Dan  1:07:47
But also, the, we'll get to this later he, he clarifies a little bit that God didn't give him every bit of information. yes, that's nice of God. Yeah, it's sort of like going through fog, you know, like, you can see something a little bit ahead, but not you know, like, not for a ways off. All right, so you can see like, the next talking point, God gives that much vision. sure. But not like 2 3 4 steps down the road.

Jordan  1:08:11
One thing I've noticed about God, huge fan of plausible deniability. He loves giving you just enough information to convince just enough people, but not enough information to prove it.

Dan  1:08:24
Well what you don't understand about God is strategic flexibility.

Jordan  1:08:26
That is such a good God thing to do.

Dan  1:08:30
So Steve tells the story of meeting Jesus in the flesh. And I will remind you, this is the night that Alex lost a billion I believe he lost a billion dollars. Here's how we're spending our time. All right.

Steve Quayle  1:08:42
In this case, Alex, I accepted Jesus at a Hal Lindsey meeting at the Student Union Building. I didn't know you know, Hal Lindsey explained to me who Jesus was. That's the first time I had anybody explained me who Jesus was. The savior of the world. when you saw him? --house, my mother's house, oh, I don't know, eight blocks from Montana State University. I walk into my room, which I had a bedroom in the basement. And the bottom line is Jesus physically appears, by the way, I wasn't drunk and I wasn't doing drugs, and Jesus all of a sudden, okay, okay, I fell at his feet as one door... and I couldn't get up. I couldn't get up, and the glory of the Lord and when I say Glory, if you want to know what Jesus looks like, go to Revelation chapter one. Because when he lifted me up, and I said, Lord, who are you? And he said, I'm Jesus, your Savior. And I'm giving you a Joseph's ministry. I didn't know what that meant. I didn't know who Joseph was. When he looked into my eyes. Every cell in my body exploded with His love, His forgiveness, I had an understanding of of just the magnificence of God, though I couldn't have told you one Bible story. You know, probably maybe one, Adam and Eve. And the bottom line is, is that we're like, it was so overwhelming for three hours. I basked I guess you'd say, praising him in his in his in just the presence of a living God. And after that he told me I would know him, now understand this is not a dream, this is not a vision. This is like terra firma on Eartha, and he said I know him... don't do that ever again. --through His Word, though and Alex, fast forward and you know, after this experience had to go out and speak to an Assembly of God pastor, because he's the only one that could let me know what it meant to have an encounter with Jesus Christ.

Dan  1:10:31
So he was on campus. sure. And he went to a Hal Lindsey meeting. right. And he accepted Jesus. right. Not knowing anything about him.

Jordan  1:10:41
Weird thing to do. literally knew nothing. Weird thing to do.

Dan  1:10:45
Went home. yeah. Went to the basement. had one. Boom, Jesus.

Jordan  1:10:49
There he was. in the flesh. Checking him out.

Dan  1:10:51
Wow. What are the odds?

Jordan  1:10:56
Explain to me, explain to me, honestly, why is Jesus going to Montana?

Dan  1:11:02
Gorgeous country.

Jordan  1:11:04
Wow, that's fair. Yeah, that's fair. yeah. You know, I saw Jesus once. oh. Like, actually, but not...In a manic break? --Yeah, exactly. I had a manic episode. And I was having so many hallucinations. Like it was one of my first ones. I was gone for, like two or three weeks. And I remember seeing Jesus, I was playing pool in my basement. against Jesus. No, no, you can't play pool against Jesus, my friend. But no, I remember him, like appearing and talking to me. And I was very much like, yeah man.

Dan  1:11:41
Jesus was like, use the horse.

Jordan  1:11:42
It was cool being in a manic episode when Jesus meets you, because at the same time, when you're in a manic episode, you're like, it's nice to meet you as equals, Jesus. You know, like, I'm the savior of humanity. You're the Savior. We've got a lot in common man.

Dan  1:11:57
Well it certainly is someone you'd want to meet in a vision other than like, Pete. Yeah, you know, yeah, just a random hallucination.

Jordan  1:12:04
No, totally. No, no. It's like, what everybody talks about.

Dan  1:12:08
High status hallucination.

Jordan  1:12:09
Like, when everybody talks about their past lives are they're like, oh, Queen Cleopatra. And they'd be like if your past life is, I was like, I was Dave and he died at five. You know, like, that's, that's not exciting.

Dan  1:12:21
So leaving all that aside? yeah. We have Alex doing a show where Steve Quayle is on, talking about how he physically met Jesus. And Alex's being like, Yeah bet you did. Love it. So great.

Jordan  1:12:32
Top five things to do.

Dan  1:12:32
Now, if we accept this as reality. sure. Game changing. it does seem like that. In terms of believing everything Steve Quayle has to say, because he has been, well, I mean, I'll just let him say. okay. He's been chosen...

Jordan  1:12:48
Oh, shit.

Dan  1:12:49
--by the Lord. oh no.

Steve Quayle  1:12:50
I don't know why God chose me, a lot of people say, well, you're such a, bla bla bla, but God chose me. And he when he said he'd give me a Joseph's ministry, that was to prepare the people of God. As we come into these End Times...

Jordan  1:13:03
No, it was a Jose's ministry, it was very different.

Steve Quayle  1:13:07
--you know, this, you've heard me so many times. I always tell people look, it's not like I just sit down and figure this stuff out. But God in His mercy and in his calling to me, opens up the events before my eyes and I get flashed forwards. You know. So when you talk about Jesus appearing to you, people say, oh, man, that guy's on LSD. No, I wasn't. I was on heavenly, uh uh

Alex Jones  1:13:30
You talked about not being able to get up. That's been my experience. Like Moses couldn't even see God. It's like, I've had that happen a couple times. I can't even I'm just like, it's like, but I don't. It's like total knowledge is beamed.

Steve Quayle  1:13:43
Yeah, and God's God dumps stuff into I call it a data dump.

Dan  1:13:48
I think Alex is like, I think what he has is night terrors. yeah. Like he's describing not being able to move. And like so many of the things that he comes up with are based on movies he's seen, and they're horrifying. And that kind of feels like maybe he wakes up with like sleep paralysis. yeah. Like, I don't know that, that makes total sense to me. Whereas Steve is just a lunatic.

Jordan  1:14:12
I had, I had a really terrible instance of sleep paralysis one time, I was in this place in fucking Bloomingdale, Illinois.

Dan  1:14:20
You woke up and you're watching Jesus play pool.

Jordan  1:14:22
No, no, no, I woke up. And you know, in that night terror where you do the hallucination thing, I woke up, and there was a man in a wheelchair slowly wheeling his way into my room, and I don't know why that is so scary, but the speed at which he was doing it was like, wow, he's not even trying to murder me and there's nothing I can do you know, it was that kind of feeling.

Dan  1:14:46
A lazy ass murder.

Jordan  1:14:48
Yeah, it's not even a hard murder for this dude, you know? yeah. It's tough.

Dan  1:14:51
The real nightmare for me would be like if I'm there and I can't move. Right, sleep paralysis. sure. And then like, Kevin the bird comes in. And I can't hug him. Hug her, excuse me.

Jordan  1:15:04
I'll break into your place and start throwing Eric the bird.

Dan  1:15:07
Kevin!

Jordan  1:15:08
Kevin. Sorry, my bad.

Dan  1:15:10
So yeah, I think Alex has night terrors. I think Steve is delusional. Good, good use of time on this emergency.

Jordan  1:15:18
I'm sorry. Did they lose a billion dollars today?

Dan  1:15:21
It's so weird. is this what you do? So anyway, evil. I guess we would be included in that. We're afraid because Steve has met Jesus.

Steve Quayle  1:15:30
--this drives people crazy that don't want to admit there's a Trinity...

Alex Jones  1:15:32
This sends the satanists into rage. Because this is real. I mean, like you were able to look into Christ eyes. I couldn't even do it. Like I was just like, hammered on the floor.

Jordan  1:15:44
That's how you know it's true.

Dan  1:15:45
This is so dumb. yep. Anyway, they spend quite a bit of time on this course this emergency episode, talking about World War Three, Russia's cool. Russia's great, actually. right. And then quite a bit about how Steve met Jesus.

Jordan  1:16:03
Right. I mean, that makes sense. Apocalypse, a country where I wouldn't be prosecuted, and the salvation of the earth? Yeah, that does make sense for, I've lost a billion dollars that day.

Dan  1:16:13
I do think that Alex would be prosecuted in Russia for something else. that's possible. You'd run afoul of some law.

Jordan  1:16:19
If he weren't friends with Putin.

Dan  1:16:21
So Alex says goodbye to Steve Quayle, farewell, give the giants my best. sure. And he has some other guests.

Alex Jones  1:16:30
Look, we got Robert Barnes that worked on the case for two years. And he was so busy and everything else, he went on to other cases...

Jordan  1:16:38
So we're going to sue him.

Alex Jones  1:16:39
--told me, so they're going to default you, it's all fraud. he was right. And I didn't listen to his counsel. That's my fault. But he joins us when we come back after this very short, important piece on weather weapons.

Jordan  1:16:51
How dare you? How dare you? How dare you get to weather weapons right now?

Dan  1:16:57
It took him hours. He tried to get to it right before the verdict. of course. And now in the evening show, he's finally getting to the weather weapons...

Jordan  1:17:04
Finally there. It's time.

Dan  1:17:05
--there's continuity! It's a payoff.

Jordan  1:17:08
We've got to kill time before Barnes shows up.

Dan  1:17:10
So yeah, Barnes is coming on. I love the idea that like, he was too busy, too busy. That's why he didn't follow through with the case.

Jordan  1:17:20
The idea that Barnes was like, Hey, let's cooperate fully. And Alex said, No. Infuriates me so hard.

Dan  1:17:31
Bobby Barnes is like, let's do this by the book.

Jordan  1:17:33
Totally. Get the fuck out of here. I swear to god.

Dan  1:17:38
Yeah. So like Barnes is on and the two of them just talk shit with each other about how, you know, everything is unfair. The world is against them.

Jordan  1:17:47
They're heroes. Everybody's mean.

Dan  1:17:50
Yeah. And there seems to be like a through line between, Norm also comes on a little bit. But Barnes and Norm both have this like, suspicion about how like, Chris Mattei said, don't donate to Infowars. right. That's not a good investment. Not a good bet. right. And they're like, Hey, shouldn't he be wanting everybody to give money to Infowars? Because then his clients get more money. It's like trying to...

Jordan  1:18:16
I don't think you're making the argument you think you're making.

Dan  1:18:19
Well they're trying to fundraise off like, hey...

Jordan  1:18:22
They're trying to fundraise off of them telling their people that they're going to lose their money if they fundraise.

Dan  1:18:28
Yeah, kind of, but you're also like, secretly, we're not going to give them any money so everything is fine. yeah. Yeah, it's very weird. I find it uncompelling. yeah. But one thing I do find compelling is that Alex, I think, maybe had a few pops because he's seems to be...

Jordan  1:18:44
Soda pops?

Dan  1:18:44
No, he seems to be communicating a little bit differently.

Alex Jones  1:18:47
Again, the whole thing, the billion dollar verdict is a scare everybody. What is this really meant to do? And then you predicted this on the show two weeks ago, a week ago. And in Connecticut two weeks ago, you said, this FBI agent, I've never said his name, don't know, who the hell he is? yes, we know man. If they can get public officials to sue people and when because, you question a public event or criticize the government, they have victory. Well, here is this Texas major government official, Secretary of State, was in hundreds of newspapers yesterday, every Texas TV station that we looked at, said Alex Jones...

Jordan  1:19:30
how're you doing buddy?

Alex Jones  1:19:31
--hell by questioning the 2020 Texas election.

Dan  1:19:38
He seems to be suffering to get these words out.

Jordan  1:19:42
Yeah. That's a bit of a struggle.

Dan  1:19:43
I don't know if he's like had a few drinks or if like he's just gassed but like it's, it's very weird.

Jordan  1:19:50
I would I swear to you, in this one instance. I cannot judge anyone's behavior for the moment after they receive a billion dollar judgment, I just I don't know how you would behave.

Dan  1:20:07
What's the baseline?

Jordan  1:20:08
Absolutely. I mean, yeah, I feel like getting absolutely shit faced beyond all reason makes just as much sense. no, totally. As anything else.

Dan  1:20:15
If Alex came on and he was wearing a lampshade and was just like, ha ha! And brought the llama back? Had cymbals and was just bouncing them together. Yeah, that makes more sense than going on trying to defend yourself.

Dan  1:20:33
I would have no qualms with. what do you have to lose? I would have no confusion. Nope, nothing to report here. Alex was wasted.

Jordan  1:20:43
You know what's crazy? Maybe for the first time in anyone's life. You could have true clarity after receiving a billion dollar judgment of just like, You know what, literally nothing I do matters at this point.

Dan  1:20:55
You know, you know what I think would be fitting to0 like that, that episodes from like, way back where he gets really drunk and yells at Adam Schiff and talks about jizzing on a human skull.

Jordan  1:20:05
I remember that.

Dan  1:21:07
That should be what he, that show tonight. yeah, absolutely. That should be that show. totally. That would make sense

Jordan  1:21:12
Absolute insanity. Yeah, yeah, that would make sense.

Dan  1:21:14
But instead, this show where you talk to Steve Quayle about physically meeting Jesus and then is like burping through a sort of banal conversation with Robert Barnes. It's like, I don't know. that's disappointing. Yeah, start screaming about art and skulls and the ways to learn. Come on, buddy.

Jordan  1:21:33
I've not said this before to too many people. But Alex, I think you should get drunk at work.

Dan  1:21:40
If there ever is a time when everyone would think it's fine. totally fine, absolutely, yes. So yeah, I mean, Alex is just like, they're not getting my money.

Robert Barnes  1:21:51
And as long as people keep Infowars on the air, by buying products that they like anyway, at good prices, they will lose. I mean, when regardless of what happens with the court, when regardless of what happens with the bankruptcies, regardless of what happens with anything else out there. As long as the people stick with Infowars, it cannot break through that line.

Alex Jones  1:22:11
And notice, notice, Chris Mattei said that, don't give (hiccup) him money, supposedly his plaintiffs are gonna get it. But he does one thing, it's his mission to silence us now. They're not getting any of the money, folks.

Robert Barnes  1:22:26
Absolutely. And what it shows is that what they have figured out is that the audience is what keeps Infowars alive. And they thought they could use this public smear campaign through a public show trial. That's what show trials are all about, public smear campaign, to be able to get the audience to turn away from Infowars and Alex Jones.

Dan  1:22:46
Yeah. So Alex, I think the journey past the Steve Quayle portion of this episode is just kind of the same shit he says with Barnes normally. yeah. And then it just, a progression of him audibly falling apart. okay.

Robert Barnes  1:23:03
It's about getting the Infowars audience to not listen to itself, to not support itself, to not embrace itself, to not share with itself. That's what they ...

Alex Jones  1:23:12
That's right. We're a rallying point that they hate. They hate the audience. And he's...

Jordan  1:23:18
Oh, I can hear it.

Alex Jones  1:23:19
--out there. Don't give it support. I don't want my plaintiffs to get money. No, it's not about that. It's about silencing us.

Robert Barnes  1:23:28
It's all about getting people, the best form of censorship is self censorship. And what they want is people to begin to self censor, their support of Infowars.

Dan  1:23:36
Good on barns, trying to do some heavy lifting to like, carry the weight there. Yeah. Yeah, you can, you can get a little bit of that vibe off, Alex. It's not it's it's not inspiring.

Jordan  1:23:46
I feel like the traditional, like, stereotypical child of divorce, you know, with that, like, hypersensitivity towards the moods of certain people as to like, Oh, I know what happens next whenever this type of tone. Like, when Alex starts talking with that kind of thing. It's like, oh, man, I'm so hypersensitive to that, like, I know what's coming man, you know?

Dan  1:24:11
Yeah. And just to like, not be seeming like I'm being a tease or anything. There is no like, blow up here. He just seemed

Jordan  1:24:20
Not on air. No. That's the point.

Dan  1:24:23
Yeah there is just sort of a like blaah, gurgling thing going on that doesn't. It doesn't inspire a lot of confidence. But it also isn't all that interesting. no, no, no. So Barnes says some shitty things.

Robert Barnes  1:24:38
This was never about false statements. This was never about the families, frankly, they were simply the tool by which they could try to shame the Infowars audience into silencing Infowars and...

Alex Jones  1:24:52
Well Robert Barnes, I've got to say, this isn't fun, it's not happy. But I'm proud to be the main target of these people. Stay right there. Let's bring Norm Pattis on and you guys can respond to each other right now. Like, we'll just let you guys go back and forth. probably. He was there, he's witnessed this. He's been gagged. I wasn't gagged, despite what the media said. they didn't. But but now that the verdicts out Norm Pattis can actually talk about what he witnessed and what he saw and wasn't allowed to defend me.

Dan  1:25:16
Yeah, I mean, like, why can't be both, Barnes? Why can't it be about the families and about what Alex did, and also about shutting his ass up?

Jordan  1:25:26
Hey, that's a compound problem that is far beyond Barnes's ability...

Dan  1:25:31
Doesn't feel at all mutually exclusive.

Jordan  1:25:34
Oh, no, in fact, almost symbiotic in their relationship. .

Dan  1:25:38
Yeah. So as this goes along, Norm says a lot of, basically, the same shit that he said with with Owen earlier, and he is giving  long, uh, talks.

Jordan  1:25:50
He wasn't allowed to talk in court.

Dan  1:25:53
I will I will say there was one moment that I didn't cut a clip from but I thought it was pretty cute. And that was like Alex asked Barnes a question and Norm is like, Oh, I'm sorry, I've been talking too much. aww. Haters gonna hate.

Jordan  1:26:03
Haters gonna hate, man. Drop trou and say the N word. Haters gonna hate.

Dan  1:26:08
But yeah, as it goes along, you just get the sense that Alex is just, he's run out of gas.

Alex Jones  1:26:13
Folks, I'm in the war. If you want to back, us back us. I've been in this so damn long. We got nuclear war. They've killed 20 million people with poison shots all going on. I'm just gonna keep being a man to the end. And everybody's feeling sorry for me. Don't feel sorry for me. Feel sorry for the millions of illegals brought across, hundreds of 1000s of kidnapped kids. Feel sorry for kids at drag queen storytime their parents take them to. I mean, look, I'm a man, I'm tough I can tell you,, keep me in the fight, back us. Infowars store dot com. Save Infowars dot com. But man, this is just so shameful Barnes.

Robert Barnes  1:26:46
Oh, it's completely shameful. It is a shameful moment. Maybe one of the most shameful moments in the history of American law.

Dan  1:26:53
Oh, I thought you meant the show that you're doing right now is shameful. Oh, no. Shame to American law. Oh, sorry. I misread that.

Jordan  1:27:01
Yeah, I don't know if Barnes has ever said anything more true unintentionally. That's the most, that's the most true thing I think he's ever said, honestly.

Dan  1:27:10
Alex, like, being like, Hey, fuck it. You know what, give us money or don't. come get us. But that's that is still like a desperate plea for money. yeah. It is the appearance of like--

Jordan  1:27:21
It's bravado. neg the audience. It's bravado. Yeah, totally.

Dan  1:27:24
I don't even want your money.

Jordan  1:27:26
Hey, listen, I have got so much money. I mean, I'm bankrupt. But I am so I'm powerful. I've got the will. I got the will to, give me your money or not. I don't give a fuck. But seriously, give me your money.

Dan  1:27:38
It's admirable. Uh, it's not. no. But it does lead to Alex doing an interesting plug. interesting. And it leads me to think things are worse than he wants to let on. uh oh.

Alex Jones  1:27:48
I mean, where can you donate better? You heard the plaintiff's lawyers, the Democrat anti gun creature say, do not give Alex Jones money, it's a lost cause, he means you're a lost cause. He wants to break your will. He hates this show, because I'm a focal point of liberty and freedom, standing against these creatures. But I'm not worried about it at the end of day, I've already hit the next level in this fight. Thanks to your support. And there's so many up and comers and so many great leaders. I'm seeing God's vision unfold here. But I've got more to do in the fight so go to 1776 coin dot com, 1776 coin dot com. It's a fundraiser, man in the arena coin. There's a special running right now with 1776 coin.com. With a promo code 1776 You get $30 off of the coin. The coin is a fundraiser coin, Infowars store dot com or 1776 coin com. And...

Dan  1:28:46
So the idea of this coin is, we're selling it at a high mark up. right. As a fundraiser. it's a fundraiser. For the show. So if you want to buy this, it costs more, but it's symbolic. it's really a donation. Right. yeah. So now, we're offering this way cheaper. Maybe it's not a fundraiser anymore. we need to get this shit out of here. The fundraiser part is now optional.

Jordan  1:29:11
The fundraiser is good. The fundraiser's good, but we got to get the shit out of here.

Dan  1:29:15
It shows a lack of commitment to the idea of that fundraiser, that has no chill to it. Like, really? There's an air of stinky desperation to it.

Jordan  1:29:25
I'm gonna ask you a question. What exactly do you think I'm gonna do with 20,000 coins with no value? Nothing.

Dan  1:29:34
Create a Teddy Roosevelt room. Yeah, that to me was a sign of, you got to move these fucking coins. yeah. And we need whatever we can make on them. Now fuck the fundraiser thing. totally. I need some money.

Jordan  1:29:48
I need flow. Yeah.

Dan  1:29:51
So Alex goes off air. And

Jordan  1:29:54
To raucous applause from everybody. I think Chris Mattei called in and was like, Thank god that you apologized and now we...

Dan  1:30:02
No, none of happens. none of that? Keep an eye out for the last words that he says here. okay, oh god.

Alex Jones  1:30:07
I want those sons of globalist satanic bastards to go to save infowars dot com Legal Defense Fund, and I want to see hundreds of $1,000 not 160,000 in a few weeks of me begging, because it takes money to beat these creatures. And I want you go to infowar store dot com get incredible products you need. You heard them, Don't bet on Jones. Don't give him money. He's a lost cause. They're saying you're a lost cause and you're not a lost cause. This is a damn war. And it takes money to win wars. I got a few more tricks up my sleeve though God gave me. what? We're gonna to break. Aragorn passes, press conference, a few other clips, then Owen Shroyer's gonna take over. I'll be back, Lord willing, 11am Central tomorrow. Before that, there is American Journal with the great Harrison Smith 8am Central. The coordinates are infowars dot com forward slash show. God bless. Thanks for your support. And good luck.

Dan  1:30:56
Good luck. good luck. That's a weird, a weird uh...

Jordan  1:31:01
That's not quite good luck and good night. yeah. That's a very different tone of good luck.

Dan  1:31:06
What kind of luck does the audience need here.

Jordan  1:31:08
I mean, you just told me an hour ago, that nuclear war was inevitable.

Dan  1:31:15
Well good luck with that.

Jordan  1:31:16
And there's no stopping it.

Dan  1:31:17
Well good luck.

Jordan  1:31:18
Good luck!

Dan  1:31:19
Good luck digging that hole for your family.

Jordan  1:31:21
Listen. Good luck. We're all in this individually.

Dan  1:31:25
I find myself quite uninspired. So look, we had the billion dollar judgment. And obviously, Alex's response to that in the moment is about what you'd expect. Cheering it on, and sort of making a game. That's what it is. Later on in the evening, he does his emergency show. And at this point, I would say the mission is to do the best show you could possibly do. Do a show that lays out some hard hitting information that the globalists don't want people to have. right. Prove your worth, right, do something that is undeniably great, because here's the deal. Everyone already fucking knows that you lost a billion dollars. The audience knows that. They know you need money. You don't have to be a desperate weirdo. Do something. Don't spend a fucking hour with Barnes and Norm complaining and whining about nonsense. Do something that really changes the game, because you probably have the most eyes possible on things, the most attention, the most, like if your mission is really about an information war? Information. Boom. Don't don't spend time talking with Steve Quayle about how he physically met Jesus. Don't do that. And to me the reason that he did that is because he has nothing else. There isn't something else that he can do.

Jordan  1:32:51
No, there's no elevation. no. No, there's no way that he can be like, let's go back to basics because there was no basics, there was never anything. He was empty from the start.

Dan  1:33:05
Yeah, G Edward Griffin won't answer his phone calls. Webster Tarpley doesn't like him, Skousen's in bed. yeah, it is. Ron Paul doesn't want to come on anymore and what does it matter if he did? Trump doesn't answer his phone calls. He couldn't even get Roger.

Jordan  1:33:21
No, he's the whoopee cushion of the Right, he's got nothing left.

Dan  1:33:25
We have an emergency. yeah, Roger's not even

Jordan  1:33:28
Well Roger's got his own problems if the January 6 committee has

Dan  1:33:32
I wonder if Steve Pieczenik wouldn't even come on. I wonder if that was like, he was like, I'm gonna pass on this one.

Jordan  1:33:38
Hey Alex. I've done all I can for you.

Dan  1:33:42
I lost you a billion dollars.

Jordan  1:33:44
No way for you to not love me still, after having lost you a billion dollars.

Dan  1:33:51
Yeah. brutal. Yep. Also, this is a strange thought but Steve Pieczenik came up so I. yeah? Roger recently was on Alex's show in the middle of a hurricane that hit Florida. right. And Roger did not correct Alex's politeness. Did not give him a lesson in manners. brutal. And I found that to be disappointing. Just for continuity, I would have liked it if Roger was like, you didn't ask how I'm doing.

Jordan  1:34:16
It really should be a situation where we could put together a supercut eventually of like, people in Florida during hurricanes...

Dan  1:34:24
Maybe he calls somebody in L.A. when there's fires.

Jordan  1:34:28
Totally. 10 years from now we've got a whole thing that we can write. Everybody needs to correct his politeness, yes.

Dan  1:34:35
Alex. I'm doing fine. Thanks. Yeah.

Jordan  1:34:39
We would play that with My Way underneath it.

Dan  1:34:42
This is a sad showing. yeah. For an emergency broadcast. I watched a little bit of Owen's like phone call show but it's like three hours and who cares. brutal. But yeah, I mean, they did what they could. They did a whole day, went till midnight and then Alex's show the next day. And of course, the great Harrison Smith in the Journal and then Owen's War Room and you know, about 200,000. And I don't know, seems seems like the juice is not loose.

Jordan  1:35:12
Every movie you've ever seen, where it's like, uh oh, the leader of the pack like the A team has got a serious problem that's arisen and just for the, you can turn around and look at your team and be like, we can do this together. Maybe it won't be easy. Maybe we won't win. Maybe it's not 100% shot, but I believe that you and I can do this together. And Alex looking over at Owen has to be like, I am going to pay a billion fucking dollars.

Dan  1:35:46
Owen or uh, Alex turns around, he sees Owen, he sees Bobby Barnes, he sees Norm. You see Steve Quayle rambling...

Jordan  0:35:54
Is Norm the face man in this?

Dan  1:35:56
--he looks around, comes back, and he says, Good luck. good luck. My team sucks. This is no good. We're fucked.

Jordan  1:36:07
We're in trouble.

Dan  1:36:08
So we will be back. Probably a sneaky snake over the weekend. And then back on Monday with a little bit more of a follow up on things. But this is the the immediate. this is what we got. Yeah. So but until then, until we see you again, we have have a website.

Jordan  1:36:25
We do have a website, it's Knowledge Fight dot com.

Dan  1:36:27
Yep. We're also on Twitter.

Jordan  1:36:28
We are on Twitter. It's at knowledge underscore fight.

Dan  1:36:31
Yep, we'll be back. But, and, ay!

Jordan  1:36:34
No, no, no. I'm done. I had, I had a day. It was good day. okay. It's a good day.

Dan  1:36:37
All right. Well, for that day, I say,

Alex Jones  1:36:40
Thank you, Jordan.

Jordan  1:36:41
HA! You son of a bitch.

Dan  1:36:44
We'll back. But until then, I'm Neo, I'm Leo, I'm Desaix Clark, I'm Wilford Snibble Snabble of the Gribble Pibble.

Steve Quayle  1:36:50
and now here comes the sex robots.

Alex Jones  1:36:53
Andy in Kansas, you're on the air. Thanks for holding.

Andy In Kansas   1:36:56
Hello Alex, I'm a first time caller. I'm a huge fan. I love your work.

Alex Jones  1:37:00
I love you.
