Alex Jones  00:04
Red Alert. Red alert. Red alert. Red Alert knowledge five days. Damn, Jordan wedding knowledge body.com It's time to pray. I have great respect for knowledge like knowledge. I'm sick of them posing as if they're the good guys. Shang chi or the bad guy Chanology Dan and Jordan knowledge five need need money handy. Dandy you're shopping Andy and Cam handy in Kansas. Andy in Kansas, you're on the airplane.

Unknown Speaker  00:51
With huge fan, I love your word. Knowledge by

Alex Jones  00:55
now knowledge fight.com.

Dan  00:58
Hello, everybody. Welcome back knowledge. I'm Jordan. We're couple dudes like to sit around worship at the altar of saline and talk a little bit about Alex do.

Jordan  01:07
We need we are Dan Jordan. Quick question for you. What's up? What's your spot today,

Dan  01:11
buddy? My bright spot today, Jordan is we have reached the end of sneak weekend?

Jordan  01:17
Yes. It's been long.

Dan  01:21
Yeah, yeah. I am thrilled. That, you know, we had an opportunity to sit down and talk to Mark and blades. And, you know, I think AI there's an argument that could be made that we could have put that all out on Monday or something. Sure. But I just feel like things are coming so fast that we just got to, you know, keep moving. You know, the the trial, the end of it, the verdict? Yeah, if we drag that out too long, we're gonna end up still responding to it a month from now,

Jordan  01:50
generally speaking, I feel like most of our decisions over the past six years could have been arguing that they were not the right one. And yet, here we are. So let's write it out.

Dan  01:59
It's debatable that we shouldn't be doing this. I

Jordan  02:01
say let it ride. That's where I'm at.

Dan  02:05
So I'm glad that sneak weekend was received well, by the folks appreciate all the very positive comments. And then overall, I mean, like, I just I have I have some other fun stuff that's going on, that I can't really talk about right now. I've seen a couple of great tweets. Mostly memes with animals. And you know, those, uh, I can't remember any of them specifically, but I remember Hey, that was

Jordan  02:28
fun. Yeah, this is an Info Wars, you're not going to talk about a meme for the next five hours. It doesn't prove anything, just that it was cute. And it was cute.

Dan  02:36
I guess it's kind of vague. But that's my brightspot. Combination. Gestalt, as Alex might say, you know,

Jordan  02:44
I was I was coming in here thinking very similarly as to what my brightspot Was that kind of just a bit of it and achievements like an accomplishment, but at the same time, blocked. Yeah, it's just like, Yeah, we did it, you know?

Dan  03:01
Yeah, we get to keep doing stuff Sunday. So today, what I thought would be fun or something would be nice is to take a little bit of a trip off the beaten path. Good call. And instead of doing some of the things that we tend to do, like wacky Wednesday stuff, or going into the past, I thought what we would do is talk about Alex Jones appearing as a guest on Steven Crowder show. Oh, louder with Crowder. Oh

Jordan  03:27
my god.

Dan  03:28
So that is what we're going to be covering today. Oh, boy, it's just after you got hit with that Balian is right after it is so he knows that there's a billion on his head. This is damage control time, right. And one of the reasons that I chose to do this was we, you know, you see how Alex responds on his show, Shane? It's pretty do reguler it's gonna be the same thing over and over again. Yeah. It's gonna be very repetitive. We've heard

Jordan  03:55
him say that he didn't do anything on purpose. And it was their name. Maybe

Dan  04:00
there'll be some slight variation, some interesting blow ups and what have you, but I wanted to see what it looks like when he's on a different platform trying to preach to a different audience.

Jordan  04:08
Are we gonna get a life's very fragile?

Dan  04:12
He might be drunk, there's no apples. So we'll get down to business on this, Jordan. But first, let's say hello to somebody who wants Oh, that's great idea. So first, Mike best. Thank you so much for an hour policy walk.

Alex Jones  04:23
I'm a policy wonk.

Dan  04:24
Thank you very much. Next, the ghost of Ennio Morricone, who's tired of hearing Alex use ecstasy of gold from The Good, the Bad and the Ugly coming out of ad breaks. Thank you so much. You are now ballsy walk.

Alex Jones  04:35
I'm a policy wonk. Thank

Dan  04:36
you very much. Wookiee it was a ghost season. That's

Jordan  04:39
very specific ghost.

Dan  04:41
Next Wilford snuggle Snapple of the Brooklyn Gribble. Pebbles, Esquire. Thank you so much for an hour policy walk.

Alex Jones  04:47
I'm a policy wonk. Thank

Dan  04:47
you very much as a lawyer. Yeah. Next I am not a Russian agent. Svetlana, thank you so much. You are now ballsy. Well,

Alex Jones  04:54
I'm a policy wonk.

Jordan  04:55
Thank you very much.

Dan  04:56
And even not Eva, thank you so much. You are now Polish You walk.

Alex Jones  05:00
I'm a policy wonk.

Jordan  05:01
Thank you very much

Dan  05:02
even still not convinced I pronounced it right. Yeah. Well, also, we gotta take the credit to the mixture. So thank you so much to hex occult, you are now a technocrat.

Alex Jones  05:11
I'm a policy wonk. I have risen above my enemies. I might quit tomorrow, actually, it's gonna take a little break now. A little break easy for me. And then we're going to come back. And I'm going to start the show over, but I'm the devil. Fuck you. Fuck you. I got plenty of words for you. But at the end of the day, Fuck you and your new world order. And fuck the horse she wrote in on and all your shit. Maybe today's broadcast. Maybe I'll just be gone a month, maybe five years. Maybe I'll walk out of here tomorrow. And you never see me again. That's really what I want to do. I never want to come back here again. I apologize to the crew and the listeners yesterday that I was legitimately having breakdowns on air. I'll be better tomorrow night.

Dan  06:06
Please. Damn. So I never really wanted to cover Steven Crowder and we won't generally but Alex was on his show to whine about the Connecticut verdict. So I felt like it was important for us to see how Alex was dealing with that whole situation when he's in a new environment. Infowars broadcasts are primarily for the initiated where as something like going on Crowder is hopefully roping in new people for him right. Of course, it would be better if he could go on Rogen. But that doesn't seem like it's happening so Crowder was gonna have to do for now. I've not sat down to watch a full episode of Crowder before his dumb show louder with Crowder. Yeah, I don't even I don't even know about that name. I think that's a dumb name.

Jordan  06:43
I have heard louder with Crowder we've said the name Steven Crowder. I still have no idea who he is and I refuse to find out I ate infuriates me every time somebody says louder with Crowder

Dan  06:54
but I mean like is it like he's just he yells more than other people because I don't think that's I don't

Jordan  06:58
know. Yeah, I know like it. They just picked a word that rhymes with Crowder, louder with Crowder and he could have eaten stuff. It would have been the same idea.

Dan  07:06
Yeah, he doesn't wear like more flamboyant outfits like colorful, loud suits. I don't know I don't I think yeah, I think it's a bad name.

Jordan  07:16
See, what you do is you go way too far with it. You know, you go rowdier with crowdy or you go an extra step that makes everybody really uncomfortable. And that's the way you do it.

Dan  07:27
No, because I was thinking like if I had a show where I like did favors for people. I could say please and with reason with free, is it Yeah, it would be okay. I'm mad that I got there. But if we call this show that wouldn't make sense. Or if I tried to overthrow a government, okay, treason with treason. Sure. But this show, again, that name wouldn't

Jordan  07:46
work. If I had a travel show could be roams with homes.

Dan  07:50
Definitely. Yeah. For a book show tomes with home. Ooh,

Jordan  07:53
that's a good one.

Dan  07:54
Yeah, I think I should have that show. Yeah.

Jordan  07:56
These work? Yes, these accents, because they wouldn't be about the

Dan  08:01
thing that they it's good when a rhyme fits. Right. It's silly when it's forced. I don't understand what louder with Crowder mean,

Jordan  08:08
he should have to be regularly a decibel level above other shows

Dan  08:14
manually louder than demand. Yeah. So there's one thing that immediately jumped out to me watching the show, and that was that the show is very dumb. Like it's transparently dumb arguments are based on false points, and the humor is painful. The thing you have to realize when you watch this is that it's kind of supposed to be dumb. The audience of the show is, as Steven Crowder has tweeted about before, it's at least half of the audience is under 16. So this show is white children. And I haven't been able to confirm that figure in any way. But he said it and I have no reason to doubt it. He has the analytics can you do that? I guess you can feel

Jordan  08:51
like this is as bad as smoking like pushing right wing bullshit to children is as bad as advertising for smoking.

Dan  08:58
To be fair half of the audience is between 17 and 18. There might be some adults. Okay, one of the reasons I've avoided doing too much about Crowder up till this point is that he has a lot of his content behind paywalls. For instance, the last time Alex was on for his weird performatively masculine cigar club session. The first part of it was public, but then the rest of it that you'd actually want to watch is not we may be coming to a point where I stop over respecting these ding dongs intellectual property, but I don't think I'm quite there yet. Steven Crowder is repugnant. He's a horrible person and his career has been a shameful series of horrible embarrassments that he's been able to parlay into having a very successful YouTube talk show that appeals to kids with sophomore IQ, racist jokes and sophomore IQ anti LGBTQ jokes. I don't want to do too deep dive on his trajectory. But here's a summation of his career path. Okay. He tried to be a stand up comedian, but he sucked at it. So to a right wing grift catching the attention of Fox News when he got punched in the face by a union protester who he was harassing Great, this rose his stature and he began making his own content, most notably a segment called change my mind where he would show up at a college campus and sit at a table waiting for college students on their way to class to join him for a spirited debate.

Jordan  10:14
That's that guy. He's the meme of the guy with the shoe that oh my god, fuck that guy.

Dan  10:21
Oh, college student was of course unprepared and probably late for class and Steve could edit the videos however he wanted. So the series was a big hit. It kind of falls into the same vein as Mark dices man on the street segments where he bothers drunk people on the boardwalk and then tries to make a political point out of it. As his profile has grown, Steven has made a habit out of being a pile of shit doing half cooked segments based on deeply racist and anti LGBTQ talking points that are easily debunk keable. And not persuasive at all. Well, they're not persuasive at all to adults, I should say. This, like they all might be very convincing to a child who are naturally his target.

Jordan  10:58
But that's the problem. Understand, that's the problem with this problem, because we know about it because of the smoking thing. It's, it's illegal to smoke. It's illegal to advertise for children, we got to figure this shit out. In

Dan  11:09
essence, his show is about taking extreme right wing views and dangerous right wing ideologues and laundering them so they can be enjoyed and accepted by high schoolers. Basically, I think he's one of the worst folks in this space. But also, I don't know what our show can really add to that conversation. If YouTube cared at all about the safety of the children and teens who use the platform he would have been kicked off long ago and that's really I think, probably the solution here if they want to do something about it. He he can't really do that much damage if he's just limited to being on Glenn Beck's Blaze network. Yeah, you know, like or his own thing like fine. Yeah, be limit is reached quite a bit. That's making it more difficult for kids to find it.

Jordan  11:45
So weird. That's like having a Hannah Montana show where they take the Montana apart really literally. And she's a white nationalist.

Dan  11:52
She's got a compound. Yeah,

Jordan  11:54
exactly. Yeah, Montana, and here kids are. First I'm gonna transfer into Popstar and then we're gonna find out exactly how the great replacement theory really works kids with this happy song? Yeah,

Dan  12:06
I mean, like, he's had Stefan Molyneux. Oh, well, then there we go. That gives you some idea of like the people he's laundering us, Alex on at least multiple times. I don't have a full guest list. But that you don't really need one.

Jordan  12:20
Yeah, noted. Hilarious white nationalist stiff Stefan Molyneux. Yeah,

Dan  12:24
that's generous. Yeah. Anyway, in the aftermath of the Connecticut verdict, Alex went on to discuss the situation with Stephen and here we are. To give you some sense of the scene. Stephen is sitting in his studio at a desk with two louder with Crowder mugs on it. He sells mugs and he has this thing called the mug club. So this is a very important piece of the tableau. He's also wearing one of his own shirts, because you always gotta be pushing that merch man. Always be selling don't wear your own shirt, and he's wearing an over the shoulder holster. So you know that he loves gun

Jordan  12:54
Sorry, what? Yeah, he's wearing a holster like he's gonna like he's a police chief. You gotta wear in the world is Carmen Sandiego gotta

Dan  13:01
know that he's strapped and ready in case a duel breaks out during the show.

Jordan  13:06
Listen up GM shoes.

Dan  13:07
Also there's another gun on the desk. So it's it's pretty What a fucking more

Jordan  13:11
ridiculous is they're not loaded. If that's pathetic,

Dan  13:14
it might be projecting a little bit too much strength and bravado for me to take that at all serious.

Jordan  13:20
Yeah, Indiana Jones.

Dan  13:21
Alex is on towards the end of the show. But this whole episode is more or less about rationalizing Alex's verdict and complaining about it. And it's titled exclusive interview with Alex Jones. This means war exclamation point. So to get a sense of the temperature, I wanted to start at the beginning and see the tone we're working with although you will find out that I did not end up sticking to that. Yeah, girl skipped ahead. While it showed a lie. That's a third point. I was like this show is so dumb.

Jordan  13:46
Listen, if you say failed comedian, I'm not interested. And that's why I don't listen to our show.

Dan  13:51
So here's where we start off. And I think that this is some load a load of shit to start.

Steven Crowder  13:57
Hey, if I sound winded, it's because I've been running around here. We've been testing, making sure that everything works. We have like Alex Jones on the show today. And I would appreciate Look, I know that many of many of you have different opinions. Let me just give you a little bit of a rundown here. I was not an Alex Jones fan for a very long time. I made it known I had criticized him here on the show and I still have criticisms of him. But we're at a point right now. And we'll be talking about this. Today we'll be showing you a montage of the endzone dance from not only the elites in Hollywood, not only the elites in media, but the elites in government, government officials actually championing this silencing. Real

Dan  14:38
quick. This is like a clip of Jimmy Kimmel making the joke and the government officials are Jen Psaki tweeted something she's not even the press secretary anymore, and Alex made a big target out of her for a while. I would not be surprised if she received quite a bit of harassment actions that probably wouldn't be legally actionable since she's a public figure, right? You know all that but Yeah, they're making a bit of a

Jordan  15:01
professional, maybe a little bit more personal,

Steven Crowder  15:04
of of speech. And that is absolutely what it is what, regardless of where you line up. There's an inflection point right now in this country. And the reason that we're having Alex Jones on, we've had him on us because I hate seeing people being bullied.

Dan  15:19
This couldn't be further from the truth. Stephen loves a good bit of bullying and he actually leads the bullying campaign sometimes, like he did in the case of Carlos Maza. Also, Alex isn't being bullied. He's the bully. And Steven is trying to launder that reality to his audience of children. So they think that Alex is the victim here. And I think that's shameful. Also, Stephens saying that he has criticisms of Alex. And I think he's a coward. List your criticisms? Yeah.

Jordan  15:44
What are they? Yeah, to his face? Try that.

Dan  15:46
Yes. See, if you get an answer on

Jordan  15:49
the rest of the things that you like about him. See how long those survive after you give him one small criticism?

Dan  15:55
Well, I think that Alex will probably dodge and stuff because he needs someone like Stephen now. Like five plus million subscribers on YouTube. Really? Yeah. So like, Alex needs that kind of a platform? Because he's not gonna get it from Rogan. Right, right. And there aren't a whole lot of other options that Alex has, in terms of like, who's going to be a giant platform to meet it for me to go on? Right? I gonna have to go start talking to talk talking to Twitch streamers Jesus, yeah, Hassan having

Jordan  16:22
me on, he's gonna have to, that's where he's gonna be.

Dan  16:25
So like, I think that he could get away with voicing some of these criticisms to Alex, whatever they might be. But he wouldn't get any response that's meaningful, or any resolution of these, of course, or even recognition of these criticisms. No, they'd be a dud, I think that it would be far more meaningful for him to express what his misgivings are and what his criticisms are of ALEKS to the audience in a neutral environment where they could take those criticisms in and then decide like, Ha, is that something I'm actually really concerned about too? Well, one of my criticisms, maybe it's he lies all the time, that could be an issue. Well,

Jordan  17:03
ha, it's one of your if one of your criticisms, prior to an interview, is my interview subject is an inveterate and almost pathological liar. Perhaps you will take those answers that he gives in the interview with a different grain of salt, as opposed to if you didn't tell them that at all

Dan  17:23
right? No, I'm I was I was thinking one of his, like, sort of criticisms of Alex might be that he barely thinks that Muslims are human. That's an issue. But I think that Stevens audience wouldn't have as much of a problem with that now, they'd be stoked. So, you know, he tries to frame the interview in a particular way. And obviously, it's that dinner, Alex didn't eat No, we didn't do that much wrong.

Steven Crowder  17:46
You know, when you have someone like Alex Jones, who if you've watched his career, and I do consider him a friend now, I will say this on a personal level, he's been around from what I know of him. He's a good man, a flawed man. He's talked about it here on here. To me, it's refreshing when he's on air. He was on air and Ash Wednesday and said, you know,

Alex Jones  18:03
maybe I drink a little too much. And,

Steven Crowder  18:04
you know, I have little he'll tell you about his flaws. But for a man who speaks publicly for hours, hours on end, and then misspeaks, or get something wrong, and then apologizes. And then as punished anyway. And then the government jumps in, people will, I guess, former press secretary, but current members of the government and entities who are backed by the government, be it banks, be it big tech organizations deciding to put you in stocks in the town square, the message is really loud with crowd. And I hope that you're hearing it. If you make a mistake. Not only is there a double standard, which we'll talk about, if you have a belief that other people find to be offensive, and of course, it's a sliding scale. We know that we've gotten further and further down the trail here. Look behind you. There's a slippery slope. Apologize and shut the fuck up. They only get worse. What I mean, the left Why is it left to right. They've made it left to right.

Dan  19:08
This is tough. This is fucking horrendous.

Jordan  19:11
What just happened? People watch this shit. I guess so. Oh, my God, what is wrong with me? Why is it Why am I the weirdo here? rendus. Yeah,

Dan  19:21
it's pretty bad. But what he is doing here is a clear attempt to set the parameters of the conversations. It's just being taken as gospel that Alex misspoke or got some things wrong. He apologized. He's being punished anyway. That's what all the episodes will be in response to and because of that, it's going to be meaningless. If the basis and the the foundation that you're building your house on his sand, you're not going to have a good house. Yeah, it's not going to be a house that I'm even going to inspect. Because it's going to be it's gonna collapse. Also, this stuff is already a little overdramatic. Yeah. A little melodramatic on on Crowder's part. Yeah. Put you in the stock.

Jordan  19:59
I mean,

Dan  20:00
Here's the thing, if you disagree with them,

Jordan  20:02
here's the problem. Okay, I feel like the stalks would have been a more effective response to Alex than what is happening right now. If we had actually been like, at the very beginning like, Hey, you don't fucked up, you misspoke? And maybe that's what happened. Maybe you misspoke, but guess what you fucked up. So you go in the stocks for a week, and then everybody hits you with tomatoes and shit. And then we'll see if it's a misspeaking if you do it again.

Dan  20:28
Can I request that the tomatoes be soaked in booze?

Jordan  20:31
Yes, you may. Okay. So that's, that's just a consider, oh, man, that's a consideration for all of our stocks. Clients.

Dan  20:39
So, again, more more, setting the table? Sure.

Steven Crowder  20:43
I don't care if you agree with Alex Jones or not, doesn't matter. And by the way, this is so clear, it's so obvious that that's a big reason that the Court said you cannot argue that this is political persecution. You understand that was this trial was predicated and I wasn't even allowed to argue that because it didn't provide additional finances. I'm not saying mistakes weren't made across the board. But I hope that all of you understand.

Dan  21:11
So look, Stephen made a bit of a mistake there. He says quote, I'm not saying that mistakes weren't made across the board, which tells me very clearly that he understands that actions Alex and his lawyers made during the discovery process led to the default,

Jordan  21:24
I'm against consequences as a principle,

Dan  21:28
right. Stephens just trying to hand wave that away and encourage this adolescent audience from giving any validity to people who would tell them that the default was very much earned. He's basically doing PR work for Alex Yeah, and it's ridiculous Yeah. If you have the awareness that mistakes were made on both sides hey, let's talk about what those mistakes were that Alex made. Yeah, because it's gonna be a mountain of them it's going to be enough to very clearly justify a default judgment Yeah,

Jordan  21:55
I mean, it is you know, we talked about it with Liz just a little bit but but that idea of like when Alex is in the courtroom not allowed to do Alex shit. People aren't convinced by Alec shit, you know, like, it's because of the priming, you know, like Crowder is priming people.

Dan  22:13
If you just talk to Alex cold total, it would not be like, Oh, fuck you,

Jordan  22:17
you need to lose a billion dollars. Just a basic conversation.

Dan  22:21
Like, what the fuck is this guy talk? What

Jordan  22:22
are you doing?

Dan  22:23
Why are you bringing up Hillary leave me alone? Or even like these people are so younger watching Steve, they might be like, who's Hillary?

Jordan  22:31
What is happening?

Dan  22:34
So, Steve has some interesting thoughts about the idea of D banking.

Steven Crowder  22:39
You are at a point in this country, where you are paying taxes to fund the theft of food from the mouths of your kids, all under the guise of First Amendment only protects the government stopping you from saying something. That's all it does is it prevents the government from stuffing you. Okay. By that same token, shouldn't JP Morgan shouldn't JP Chase, whatever their abbreviation is, these things are all these giant conglomerates. If they're backed by our tax dollars, they're guaranteed if they've received hundreds of billions of dollars and a few just for inflation, the last few months, hundreds of trillion dollars in taxpayer dollars. Are they allowed to deny you? Your fundamental constitutional rights? what point do we separate private business from government?

Dan  23:28
I don't even know what the point is here. And I think the only way that this argument actually works is if Stephen is advocating nationalizing IV. What are you doing? Yeah, I know that he's not because that's some straight up letting me asleep. Yeah, obviously,

Jordan  23:42
you fucking moron. I

Dan  23:45
don't know if like the banking industry, taking government money means that they're bound by all the rules that government entities are. But if we were to nationalize the banks, then you'd have a good argument here that they shouldn't have to follow the same guidelines of the

Jordan  24:02
IBC. Does he not? Like he doesn't get that at all, like zero awareness of what he's actually advocating for is he's such a piece of shit. He's gone through to the other side, he's like, See, the problem with canceled culture? is we need to nationalize the banking system. Is that what he's trying to say? I

Dan  24:20
think I think that if you take this thought a little bit further, you also start to understand how dumb like his version of it is, which is like, I guess it's that if they take tax dollars, then they're bound by those rules. What about people who are on Social Security? Do they have to follow all the government's guidelines? What do you or what about farmers who take subsidies, you know, like any, like, do you want everybody who takes any kind of thing from the government to now be beholden to all the same rules? Because then, I mean, we get into a really weird place. Right,

Jordan  24:54
right. I think I think what we're seeing is what happens to people when they're allowed to speak by themselves with no disagreement, and they aren't capable of disagreeing with themselves. Do you know what I mean? Like when I have a thought, that's that dumb. Another part of my brain will be like, don't say that out loud. And then I'll be like, why shouldn't I say that out loud? And it'll have a really good point. And I'll be like, good call. And they say it out loud. Yeah, well, obviously, but I do have a funny voice. I'd be fine. But he's, he doesn't have that he doesn't have it. And he just talks by himself. So nobody's like, stop it. That's dumb.

Dan  25:28
Well, the first thing that happens when you're in that kind of a predicament is you start to wear shoulder holsters for no reason. Oh, my God. The second thing that happens is yeah, you

Jordan  25:39
still can't believe that. I understand that you're describing something that has to be real, but I'm seeing it as a cartoon.

Dan  25:45
Oh, it is cartoonish. Okay. Yeah. Good. So he has two co hosts. I don't know their names. I don't remember them because I don't care. And they have a little bit of a rap. You know, they sit down and they really work out some of the issues. You know, they talked about the big issue. You are setting me up for disaster. Well, I don't know if you know this, but the Parkland trial has been going on by God

Jordan  26:07
now.

Crowder Associate  26:08
So all right, by the way, they're doing the Parkland shooting, they they reached a verdict that they're gonna announce isn't it just guilty and fry him?

Steven Crowder  26:14
I mean, I thought this was a pretty closed, let me know when when we have the broadcast to Vegas. Yeah, I know, the guy's dead. So but you know, maybe some facts about what about Sutherland springs fifth deadliest in American history? Okay, so I

Dan  26:27
guess they just want the death penalty, which is, I mean, they're pretty anti government as a whole, but I guess they want death penalty. And I guess they also don't want due process because they just want you to be found guilty. And then death penalty.

Jordan  26:39
Has anybody ever stopped to think about what these people would do? If they could write the constitution again, it'd be like, can you imagine what do they think government does is the first question that I have to have nothing but kill you and everything. And also I want them to be able to kill me. But as long as I'm the only person who can decide, right? Why is that always the underpinning? No, Texas. Exactly. I want the government to not exist and also to kill people I don't like yeah,

Dan  27:11
one of the things that I think is really funny too, is that Steven realizes mid sentence of the Las Vegas shooter is dead. And for what it's worth, the perpetrator of the Sutherland springs shooting is also dead. Yeah, there's plenty of information available about both of these events. If Steven would like to take the time to read. I would explain things to him. If he brought up specific points. I would be happy to get into it. But he just says the names of these shootings, and then pretend there's a cover up. So I got nothing.

Jordan  27:38
I mean, so useless show. i Okay. teleporter Give it to me. And I just tackle people, whenever they say dumb shit, like I become that I don't have I'm not a superhero. I don't solve problems. I will just show up immediately after Steven Crowder says something insane like that, tackle him and then teleport away. And I feel like that's a worthy noble cause.

Dan  27:59
Well, I mean, you'll get arrested for assault. But that time I teleport away that trial will be really interesting, because I tell well, even if you did write, the prosecution would have to deal with the fact that you teleport. Yeah,

Jordan  28:12
that would be an issue

Dan  28:14
to discuss the mechanism of you teleporting away. And I'd be

Jordan  28:17
like, ah, that doesn't exist.

Dan  28:20
Anyways, reasonable doubt. So they are apparently doing some shows, some live shows. And there's a plug for one. And this is where I kind of lost my interest in this show as a whole. Yeah. Tell me tell me if you think this feels a little bit

Steven Crowder  28:35
racist, here we go. And then not Baltimore, December 3, because we couldn't find a venue in DC. Sorry. You have to go to the Schickel that is Baltimore. But hey, at least it's not Haiti. See? Yeah, or DC? No, Baltimore is worse than DC. Is it? It's DC without any of the charms? Well, I mean, the people? Sure, and you can go to your

Dan  28:55
ex doesn't feel good.

Jordan  28:58
What do you think these three dudes associate with Haiti, Baltimore, and DC? What do you think? Is there like when they open their minds, I see things that they associate with Baltimore, DC and Haiti. Yeah,

Dan  29:16
it's a little and when he says it's the people.

Jordan  29:20
Yeah. Little bucks. Come on. Quiet, quiet part. That's the quiet part. I wrote the

Dan  29:26
book on it. But hey, it's just the mean. They're jokes. They're joking or going on a comedy tour. So Alex shows up, and he's He's a pro.

Steven Crowder  29:37
Mr. Jones. Okay, I see that I see that smirk. What were you saying? Was that a dirty joke?

Alex Jones  29:43
No, I said, I'm really jealous of that shirt. I'm gonna rip it off. Make my own copy.

Steven Crowder  29:46
Well, come on now. Well, then now now and then I want

Alex Jones  29:51
the coolest shirt. That is the coolest shirt I've seen yet. Absolutely. But know what you're talking about. It's absolutely true. And I love you everybody the inside baseball What really happened with a case? How would you press the shutter and where it's going? Because Alex

Steven Crowder  30:05
just one second now it's because I want to give you the floor. Okay.

Dan  30:08
And Alex is trying to steamroll him Yeah. Which is great. Yeah. And then the second thing that's awesome is right when he comes out the gate Alex flatters Stephen with like, that's a great shirt. Yep. But then also establishes himself as an alpha by saying I'm going to steal your shirt.

Jordan  30:23
Yep. Dominance. Dominance mood,

Dan  30:27
then tries to steamroll him and Steven has to be like, hold on. Now.

Jordan  30:31
Hold on.

Dan  30:32
I supposed to be a host. Here

Jordan  30:34
it is. It is interesting the way he both tries to acknowledge that he's not going to win the steamroll comp competition. And at the same time trying to establish dominance on his own show by saying, I'm going to let you steamroll me out, right.

Dan  30:47
Ah, yeah, well done. No one can win a steamrolling competition against the bullhorn trainer. Yeah, that is Alex Jones bullhorn expert. So, Steven, the reason that he wants to pretend to be a host, in some ways is because he knows who Alex is, he knows how he communicates. And he also knows that without guidance, Alex is going to say, just whatever the fuck he wants, and it's not going to be a useful interview for him.

Jordan  31:14
And he's going to do the thing that he's trying to tell people right now that he has apologized for. He's gonna defame the

Dan  31:22
you don't know if he is or not, there's a danger. Yeah, I mean, it's very close to being an inevitability, you want to have some guide. Right, right. And that's kind of what Stephens trying to do.

Steven Crowder  31:33
And so I want to lead this right now, because I think this is pivotal. And we've done several multi hour long shows, but for some reason, this gets lost. And I want you to correct me if I have this wrong. So in 2017, as an example, because the narrative is Sandy Hook, you torment to the parents, you call them out by name, and you continually harass them from what I understand. And I have some quotes in front of me, and I want you to tell me, if I'm misquoting you, you admit that you were wrong, and you apologize. And I think that's key, because they still want to go after you anyway. So 2017, you talked about an epiphany you had on Father's Day, you said, Forgive me, on Father's Day, I want to reach out to the parents of the slain children at the horrible tragedy in Newtown, Connecticut, and give you my sincere condolences. You said that, right? Yes, okay. You also said like, I'd also like to reach out to any of the parents who lost a child at New New Town to invite them to contact me to open a dialogue. Because I think it's really essential. We do that, instead of letting the mainstream media misrepresent things, and really try and drive this nation apart. You said that right. Before they sued me, yes, before they sued you. And then in 2019, and in deposition, you said, and I, myself, have almost like a form of psychosis in the past where I basically thought everything was staged, even though I've now learned, a lot of times, things aren't staged. And I'm not saying this to embarrass you. I'm saying it because you were clear and that you had a change of heart or you believe that you were wrong, or you believed you made a mistake, which I think is admirable. And I think the fact that they want to browbeat you after that is what is so scary.

Dan  33:02
Steven sure does seem to be ignoring the fact that and Alex's video that was titled his final statement on Sandy Hook, he literally said, quote, If children were lost in Sandy Hook, my heart goes out to each and every one of those parents and the people who say their parents that I see on the news. The only problem is I've seen a lot of soap operas, and I've seen actors before. And I know when I'm watching a movie, and when I'm watching something real, that was in late 2016. Alex only said the things that Stephens reading because of the Megyn Kelly interview that was about to come out, Alex knew was going to come out around Father's Day and Neil Heslin was going to be interviewed in it so he was trying to get ahead of any controversy. He was also still repeating the basic conspiracy theories about the shooting at this point, just holding back some things that he thought could be legally actionable. Stevens also ignoring that after this point, oh, and Shroyer did his video about how Neil Heslin couldn't have held his son after the shooting. And Alex reported on that, which in many ways really does undo any goodwill that he might want to pretend he has from his feigned apology. Stevens also ignoring that in October 2017, Alex said quote, it's as phony as a $3 bill with CNN doing fake newscasts and blue screens. Stephens also ignoring that Alex has said that he thinks Sandy Hook probably was fake at least twice on air while the trials have been ongoing, including once in the last two weeks. There's a good and fun to create the straw man versions of what Alex actually did. And the reason he's facing consequences but it's not real. Steven knows it's not real, but Alex's existence is pretty helpful for his brand. So we pretend this and you know, the people who are watching Stephens show probably don't have any interest in debunking this nonsense that he's feeding them. Yeah,

Jordan  34:42
if you if you're gonna bring up the deposition, and you're gonna quote Alex from the deposition. That deposition convinces me that Alex is guilty of all the things well,

Dan  34:54
he's not quoting the deposition. He's quoting like an article about it. Oh, yeah, that's psycho. CES thing was something that a lot of media outlets, guys as a like pull out for the deposition. He's not actually aware of anything that was discussed it okay position. All right, that makes sense, right because it again, I think I could never prove this but I think that there's a vested interest in being willfully ignorant among a lot of people like, Steven, because if he had to cope with or copes the wrong word, if he had to accept publicly that he was aware of the depositions and the things that were in it right, he would then be responsible for rationalizing and justifying those things. Yeah. And he couldn't do that. No, you would have to be like, well, I will do fucked up real bad. You're a piece of shit. Yeah.

Jordan  35:42
Yeah. No, it is. It is fascinating, because these fucking pieces of shit who are trying to avoid defending Alex or avoid, you know, wading into having to defend Alex's actual behavior. If they were on the jury, they'd be like, Yeah, this guy's got to fucking go, you know, like without the ability to avoid acknowledging what is actually happening without the ability to deny it when you are forced to look it directly into the eye every day for five fucking weeks. Yeah, I know what he did. And

Dan  36:15
I think that's one of the reasons why I think Bobby Barnes is such a big asshole. Yes. Because he knows he knows he was in one of the depositions was the lawyer Yeah, knows all this shit. And he's still pretending. Oh, I don't understand why any of this is happening. That's all just kangaroos and railroad tracks or whatever the fuck

Jordan  36:33
there is no deniability from Barnes whatsoever. Because honestly, Barnes was probably looking at that billion dollar judgment and going man, I wish I had been a competent enough lawyer for them to hire me. So I could have sued Alex Jones for a fucking billion dollars or even as he was going to lose,

Dan  36:51
or even I wish that I could be a competent enough lawyer to have stayed Alex's lawyer to the point where I lose a billion dollar verdict, because then I could get so much attention. Yeah, be all over the place. You lying about everything. It's

Jordan  37:05
Dr. Bobby Barnes.

Dan  37:06
Anyway, Alex is allowed to tell his version of events. And what do you know, it's all bullshit.

Alex Jones  37:12
Here's what really happened yesterday. But I can give you the latest information where they're going with it, which is always yours, everybody. They've Thank you, sir. Okay, Sandy Hook happens. It's a huge political event Obama has under the White House, it's going on. I think maybe somebody helped the kid kill these kids. The whole story is bizarre. And then about a year after it. All these professors and people that sounded credible, come out in school safety experts and say that they thought it was just completely staged. Well, it's being held things like Operation Northwoods that talked about staging attacks on school kids that didn't exist as a pretext for war with Cuba and Russia. Plus it. Yeah, a lot of stuffs been staged. Maybe this is so I did four or five programs from like, 2000. And I guess 1314. Crushing maybe that it was staged.

Dan  38:03
There's a load of shit. Alex is saying that he thought it might be fake on the day of the shooting on his show. James Tracy, the professor that he's talking about was first on Infowars on January 18 2013. Not year later, not years later. Wolfgang Halbig didn't show up until later. That is fair. And he's the school safety officer that Alex is referencing, but Alex is completely ignoring Steve pathetic. Steve was coming on Alex's show saying no one died at the school on March within March 2013. Yeah, when he was pretending to be a reporter on the scene in the DMZ. Right? Alex's timeline is all screwed up because he's just conveying his well rehearsed self defense version of events. Stephen is a shitty interviewer and he has no interest in calling Alex out. So this timeline will stand and be presented to his giant impressionable audience as gospel and it's just not true. If he had any interest in pursuing the truth, he would have familiarized himself with these things, and pointed out the many points at which Alex's story diverges from reality.

Jordan  39:01
I mean, I would have stopped him right there and been like, Wait, stop, who helped him who helped him killed all those kids? Did you just say right now that you still thought of someone to help? No, no,

Dan  39:14
no, no, no, no. I think he was saying that at the time immediately. That was what his suspicion was. Yeah, I think he was saying like December 2012. That's what his mind that's where his mind all right, because that's not how I read. I read what he was

Jordan  39:26
saying. I mean, it the problem was he started by saying, I'll give you the latest news.

Dan  39:31
No, no, no, no. He said, I will tell you what happened and get to the latest thing. And what's going on? What they're planning.

Jordan  39:38
Alright. I feel like he just did it again. But I'm not I could have I could have poor sentence structure I or he could.

Dan  39:46
Yeah, it's a little bit up in the air. I've listened to this and I'm pretty confident that this is capsulation of the gotcha. Okay. But yeah, look, it was all Hillary man.

Alex Jones  39:57
Hillary and the Democrats start running this This false news campaign during 2016 campaign, that I'm Trump's brain, they look, look at this flamboyant wild guy. He's a populist, he's he's got a lot of people supporting Trump. Let's make him a liability. Let's take the worst stuff he said out of context, and run 10s of millions of TV ads against Trump using Alex Jones saying he's Trump's spring.

Steven Crowder  40:20
And one thing, one thing just to make really clear is just again, for the YouTube gods, you understand now this is Alex, you will say I'm saying it didn't happen again. No, no, but they'll say that you what you were saying because you saw this. And there were other people that were other professors. There were other conspiracy theorists, some of whom turned out to not be credible, and then you didn't have them on your show anymore. You did say maybe this is staged. And just again, to be clear, you afterwards said, No, it was not staged. I was wrong.

Dan  40:45
This is a load of shit. And honestly, I think if they needed to find the worst stuff, Alex's said this is definitely up there. But they could have come up with a much broader campaign for Hillary to use. Throw in some of his dehumanizing racism is violent misogyny and homophobia, his incitement of violence towards Muslims, Alex is going to deep bench of horrible things Hillary could have attacked if that was the game that she was trying to play. Also, Steven knows damn well that Alex didn't think that maybe the shooting was staged. Alex literally said multiple times that the shooting was totally fake with actors. Stephen is softening that reality. So it's easier for his audience to give Alex a pass and rationalize his actions. He's selling his audience on Alex. It's a concerted effort. And it's done by obscuring reality.

Jordan  41:30
I mean, I just don't understand it. Because they're, I mean, it's just a bad idea. I feel like the right move here if your piece of shit like Crowder or one of these other guys, is to fucking stab Alex in the back and then carve up his audience. Like, I don't understand why. Why you're even trying this bullshit. Yeah, I think you do, and you don't have any loyalty to him. He doesn't have any loyalty to you.

Dan  41:58
I think that Steven probably thinks that there's a way that this can raise his own profile, maybe get some of Alex's audience to him. But it's a fool's errand because Alex's audience like they're not going anybody who is susceptible to like maybe being interested in Crowder should be listened to Alex already. Listen to Graham. Right. Right. The rest of the folks that are like old timers who live in shacks, Montana, and listen on shortwave, you are not going to like your dumb, childish comedy stupid. Yeah, but I don't know, I think

Alex Jones  42:33
I just meant

Jordan  42:35
as like an ecosystem, you know, not necessarily just Crowder. But like the whole shebang, like if Shapiro and if back in all of

Dan  42:42
them, if Crowder, were smart. What he would maybe try to do is insinuate himself even more with Alex, and get involved with like, the infrastructure, part of bamdad video, and that kind of thing, and try and use it as a like a reinforcing misinformation. Sort of YouTube, because as it stands, now, there's a shallow depth of anything interesting on there, there's plenty of content. That's true. There's Info Wars stuff, and there's a load of bullshit. Steven is like, I don't think it's in his best interest necessarily to be hooked with Glenn Beck with the blaze stuff, but maybe there's some good money there. But in terms of like, if you want some of Alex's audience and that stuff, and he wants to create, like more of a space, yeah, that would be the thing you'd do, maybe and then try and rope in some of the other weirdos

Jordan  43:37
share. But actually, hold on. I just don't think that's very forward looking. I think that I think that's saying that we're gonna be in a similar place in three years that we are right now. And I don't think that's even close to possible.

Dan  43:49
Well, I guess I maybe don't agree with myself either. Because I was talking about like Gavin McInnes. He has like his sensor.tv are right, right. Right. And there's not a lot going on there. Maybe. Nevermind. I was gonna say he could go and like try and help build up cozy. Nick went as a service. But Nick Suarez doesn't want crowd Oh, absolutely

Jordan  44:06
not. Oh, no. What's his problem? Thanks, Crowder.

Dan  44:11
Yeah, definitely. Yeah. So yeah, I don't know.

Jordan  44:16
Why are we always trying to give them assistance?

Dan  44:19
It's it can't can't help. So yeah, I think this is all stupid. But Alex just as a like an outlier.

Alex Jones  44:26
But important understand this timeline. Yeah. Show show it for over a year and a half. from 2015 and 2016. We checked the record. I never talked about it one time. And I told the crew, this is a tar baby. It's a setup. I don't want to ever disavow and I think still doing it. We started seeing that some of the folks that were claiming it was staged had gone even crazier. And we're now dysregulated and shown that indeed, they had put out things that were wrong show. I was not the Sandy Hook guy didn't put me on the map. I barely ever covered it, but Hillary blows it up. makes it a cause celeb for Democrats. They use it to bring back all the gun control and now attacks on free speech and to attack Trump. And so then Trump wins. They go even crazier, and I tried attacking me.

Dan  45:12
So this is all an elaborate plot Hillary launched to attack Trump and then Trump won, it seems like it really wouldn't do anything to continue attacking Alex, the goal would have been to use Alex's toxicity to sway the electorate away from Trump and once Trump is one that's about it in terms of voters just doesn't make sense. Unless you're just desperate to defend yourself using bullshit fantasy world nonsense. Yeah. Also, Alex didn't stop talking about Sandy Hook during those timeframes that he had his staff go look things up. No shit. Consider this clip from August 26 2015 squarely in the window. He's claiming he never brought it up.

Caller (738)  45:46
Oh, yeah. In my opinion, something really stinks about this entire situation. I don't I can't even really think of a mass shooting quote unquote, or a high profile shooting like this. That didn't seem like there was something more going on.

Alex Jones  46:01
Well, there's been some of them that we caught red handed being staged. Sir hand sir Han, was RFK the situation a few years ago with the Aurora shooting. I mean, those were staged. We caught them. We know exactly what they did. It's unbelievable. And then you look at Sandy Hook. It did just isn't real. I don't know what specifically happened. But the official story is a fairy tale. I mean, Jack in the beanstalk isn't real. Santa Claus isn't real. And that is a giant theater operation complete with blue screens, and now even robbed his uncle who's of Navy SEAL. retired FBI works for big company. We have a reporter up there and it's like that's Rob douche uncle. And he's like yeah, doesn't add up. Something's going on. Ever see anything like this? There's no paperwork or covering something up? Can't talk got to get out of here. So I mean, that's how twilight zone this has got

Dan  47:01
is a reporter there was up there was Dan but donde by the way. So yeah, go fuck yourself, Alex. Yeah. Add to that, that Alex didn't stop talking to the people who promoted the crisis actors shit. Steve botanic was a guest until he and Alex got into a fight about Steve pushing Q anon shit during the aftermath of the 2020 election. Alex is a liar. And these are easily demonstrable lies. If Stephen cared at all to protect his audience from a fraud. He has a responsibility to them. And he's completely neglecting that which is shameful. And here's, here's what I actually think about when you're talking about like, you know, why not just carve up Alex's audience. I think that for someone like Steven, there's probably an interest in preserving Alex if you can share that is because he is worse than you do. Yeah, that's fair. Presumably, He's worse than you if only because like you're still on YouTube. Sure. Right. So as long as Alex is there, but a lot of people will think there's a bigger issue than Steven Crowder. You know, in the same way that you hear people even Tucker say like, Mike great replacement theory isn't crazy. It's not Alex Jones shit. Yeah, Alex can exist as that I'm not him. Example. Right. If he were to go away entirely, then

Jordan  48:11
they kind of they want to try and repair their broken shield. Yeah.

Dan  48:16
Yeah, I think that's probably a way to look at it. So Alex is uh, you know, he's corrected himself a lot. He hasn't but Steve's gonna let him say it. Okay,

Alex Jones  48:25
so I've issued dozens of corrections. Dozens of apologies. You just mentioned one of them there. And then they sue me in 2018. And then they do all this discovery we give them all the emails all the text messages, everything. There's no evidence we made money on Sandy Hook. There's no evidence I Premeditatedly got it wrong on purpose. And so both Democrat connected judges one was Posey Republican but she's like George W. Bush. They default me saying I

Steven Crowder  48:57
we lost to Alex for a second. This is clearly the globalist he's

Alex Jones  49:02
told I'm guilty. The jury told him guilty. I'm not allowed in a five week trial in Connecticut to defend myself the judge actually says you can't say you're innocent. You can't say you're bankrupt.

Dan  49:14
Yeah, all that's just shit. Yeah. But but there is no push back. There's no discussion of what these things are. There's no reason to. Yeah. So Crowder wants to know, like real seriously, did you use these people's names?

Steven Crowder  49:31
Did you ever call the parents out by name on air and say that they were their children? Like call them out by name on air? Only Robbie Parker. Okay. And after,

Alex Jones  49:42
and I did not say that, that he staged it or it was fake. I said people think this clip was like 30 million views on YouTube or more was a viral clip. People say This guy looks fake. And so I said yeah, he doesn't like acting to me, but he's, you know, under stress, whatever.

Dan  49:58
That's true. And The Heslin 's name was set on Infowars Posner. And also intentional infliction of emotional distress doesn't require you say people's names. These

Jordan  50:09
people are constantly screaming about how some people should die, because they changed their pronouns. And yet somehow, they're going to try and pretend that pronouns cannot refer to people. Right? Right. You have to say their name like a magic spell, you have to sew it in to your fucking piece of paper with silver thread down, obviously, otherwise, it's not defamation, right?

Dan  50:34
And when you say like the families, if you're one of the members of one of the families, you can't consider yourself part of that group. No,

Jordan  50:41
you have been referred. That's how words work. You can't do it. No, damn.

Dan  50:46
So Alex tries to explain, and Steven really wants him to explain this, because it's kind of an important point, that he fully complied with discovery.

Steven Crowder  50:55
Well, I do have a question that's important here. Because people will say, Well, the reason you weren't allowed to defend yourself as it was a default judgment. And they say, because you didn't provide the evidence, right, that was requested in discovery. Give me very specifics, not just all, you did provide and handover a lot of evidence, what did you end over? Because they did have financials? They did have I certainly in the Texas trial, they did have access to financials, they didn't have access to certain traffic metrics. When I was watching the trial, they would say, well, actually, they didn't hand over, for example, the Alexa reporting, as opposed to the Google analytics reporting, what kind of evidence when you were asked to hand over? Just give me some examples of what you did handover. Did you hand over financial documents as it related to the company? Yes. Did you hand over documents as it related to, you know, like, different traffic and revenue streams to some degree or another?

Alex Jones  51:42
To an extreme degree, the most ever given over in a civil defamation trial? Many lawyers estimate Steven, let me be 100%. Clear.

Steven Crowder  51:48
So what are they saying you didn't provide is my point because this is something a lot of people accurate information, unfortunately, on the right, Alex, this is important. I'm just saying this, because people will try and take this out of people on the right will say, well, then you guys, you should comply during discovery. What? Pardon me? What in the fuck? are they claiming? You didn't provide so that you are not allowed to defend yourself?

Alex Jones  52:09
Let me answer that question. And I don't want to get into people saying, Oh, this is just for Alex Jones. In Texas, they claimed that because we did so much discovery, and they would have each person that they were deposing, give them more discovery. So they'd say, Oh, out of the 200,000 emails you gave us in Texas. In one of the discovery matches you gave us there was one extra email that wasn't in this batch. Little weird, gotcha games. And then in Connecticut, the judge kept saying, Give me the Google Analytics. Well, we hardly ever even use Google Analytics hardly ever even looked at it. Yeah. So explain to the judge. Ma'am. It's a search box for the back end of Google. And a lot of you have to pay for it. We've never paid for it. We've barely ever used it. But we searched for Google Analytics and found one writer, and one other person in the group that had looked at Google Analytics and said, Oh, look how much traffic we're getting a few times. So we gave them what we had in our system about Google Analytics. Take Alexa, same thing. They said, give us the Alexa. Stephen, I want you to give me the Google. And then I say, you say okay, what do you want me to search in Google? Right? No, sir. Give me the Google give me

Dan  53:28
the Google. Some of those instances of Google Analytics, we're like, look how much traffic we're getting from this Sandy Hook was hard. Yeah, so maybe Alex shouldn't use that as an example. If Stephen really wanted to be prepared to ask this question and respond appropriately to Alex's answer, he should have read the order for the default judgment. It spells everything out. There were requests for production that Alex never even responded to. There are requests to produce people for depositions that were ignored. Alex repeatedly sent completely unprepared people to depositions as a corporate representatives. And that's just the surface. Alex did turn over big batches of documents, but he had a habit of doing that just before hearings about his failure to turn over documents, so he could avoid consequences while overwhelming the plaintiffs with tons of unrelated shit. Even these tranches weren't satisfactory to what he was obligated to turn over though, and it didn't really help him. Yeah. In the judgment, they even discuss how they tried to resolve the problem through fines and sanctions, but it was clear that it had no effect on Alex's abuse of the discovery process. He has too much money to be impacted by whatever fines the court could impose. So it was a dead end. Steven doesn't care about the reality here or the truth. He's just asking questions to allow Alex to give his boilerplate rehearsed answer and make it look like Steven was asking tough questions. This is a charade that is meant to exonerate Alex in the eyes of Stephens audience. Yeah, it is not an interview.

Jordan  54:54
It's so hard because the real the truth of it is like that, all him Like, I'm not allowed to say I'm innocent. I'm not allowed to say all this stuff. And it's like, that's your fault. And the reason that you weren't allowed to say it is because if you did, sooner or later you would have to go to jail. We're being nice to you by keeping you this is this is like you going bowling with Rails. That's the point here is because you are going to be a gutter ball and then go to jail. We're saving your life, man. Right.

Dan  55:26
And if you had practiced bowling in this metaphor,

Jordan  55:30
you wouldn't. Rail right. Yeah, yeah, exactly.

Dan  55:34
This fully works, but

Jordan  55:35
it's close enough.

Dan  55:36
So Stephen is lost control of the show, of course, completely taken over.

Alex Jones  55:42
And now the Secretary of State of Texas is talking about we may have to go after Alex Jones, because he caused threats on election officials. They have no statements. They don't have any saying be violent. I didn't even probably ever even talk about the Texas election. Other than saying I don't think Beto you know was as close as he said he was to Ted Cruz. So this is the AB shouldn't loot next level garbage and propaganda in fact, overhead shot on the show people this Texas Secretary of State Alex Jones unleash hell on our election people. That's the hill. Here's another one. Republican Texas election cheap blast nuts peddling. 2020 conspiracy theories zooms in on Alex Jones Show just like they're shooting everybody.

Dan  56:24
Alex is just doing his show. Yeah,

Jordan  56:25
I'm waiting for him to do an ad pivot. Yeah. When is he gonna do it?

Dan  56:28
He's calling for overhead.

Jordan  56:30
Is he going to do it?

Dan  56:32
This is ridiculous. It is insane. Yeah, Stephens lost entire control. This is just the Alex Jones.

Jordan  56:37
This is absolutely a vores right, though, who? That is so funny. Also, we've got these coins. We got these fucking coins by these coins.

Dan  56:47
No longer a fundraiser. So Alex believes that this is overkill. And then Stephen has some harsh words for the so called Brave conservatives.

Alex Jones  56:57
This is all overkill. It's just the left having a temper tantrum. They want to scare everybody else and get a bunch of other lawyers to file lawsuits to come after all the Conservatives and all the nationalists and all the Patriots. And I really appreciate you letting me get that out there because it's so frustrating to be kind of only have my show that has a big audience, but it's compartmentalized. Because of censorship. It's very hard to actually get the truth. Now, it's

Steven Crowder  57:17
not just censorship. Now understand? It's not just censorship. It's cowardice. You, you you and I've had conversations obviously off there. Where I would say I wouldn't say called you that. But I've said I don't agree with this. I don't like that. Remember, I told you I remember early on the show saying I don't like that you sometimes stir up infighting with conservatives. I remember you saying you know what I used to do that more. And I decided the left is a more important enemy. We've had very strong disagreements I felt compelled to have you on because some of the biggest figures in our movement, who by the way, agreed with all of some of your quote unquote, conspiracy theories that I thought were incorrect. They didn't have you on it is censorship. And it's cowardice.

Dan  57:51
Let me translate what Steven saying there about the infighting among conservatives. Alex, I work for Glenn Beck. Stop. Also, Stephen, you have to understand a lot of those other conservative outlets are really busy running damage control for Tucker's Kanye West interview at the moment, a lot of them just don't have the juice to throw Alex into the mix and try and deal with that

Jordan  58:12
we can't be both protecting against the rampant anti semitism in our party and protecting against Alex's anti semitism and more.

Dan  58:24
It is weird that Alex hasn't been on Rogen, though. Like I wonder if Joe watch some of the trial and realize that Alex lied to his face about what he said about Sandy Hook. That'd be fun. If like Joe started to get the picture that Alex is using him and see what develops from there. Yeah, I don't I'm not I'm not optimistic. That's gonna happen. Yeah,

Jordan  58:41
if Joe watched the trial, it would be really hard to come away from it. Thinking that Alex did not lie to your fucking face. Yeah,

Dan  58:50
but you still gotta realize he's a fun guy. Man. It's really funny.

Jordan  58:55
Do you know what do you know what this reminds me of this reminds me so much of walking into a Dunkin Donuts a in like, fucking around. Whatever. And there's two old guys sitting in that way right inside the door. So you can see him through the window. And they're arguing about a parking ticket. And he's like, Man, I didn't park there. I'm telling you. And you know, the guy's lying. I'm walking in there trying to buy coffee for two seconds and I want to turn around be like, dude, just pay the parking ticket. You're a fucking liar. Obviously you you did the thing. And the other guys like yeah, you're totally right, man. They shouldn't be able to do that.

Dan  59:34
One of those guys is Rogan. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Just making sure no,

Jordan  59:38
I think I'm talking about Crowder and Alex right now.

Dan  59:41
Okay. Yeah. Who's Rogan is either donut Rogan would be a delicious doughnut. So we got a question for Alex. Oh, it'd be a little bit stringy. Yeah, probably. Yeah. And full of raw meat. So Alex, we've got to find out if he's scared.

Steven Crowder  59:58
Let me ask you, Alex. Really? Point Blank. And he talks about appeals. How scared are you? Right now?

Alex Jones  1:00:06
I am way more scared about the direction the country's going in. And they admit this is a formula for everybody. I mean, while the right wing laughs some of them and says, Oh, it's just Alex Jones. They're on every channel saying we're coming after everybody now with this model. And they've even got the Republican Secretary of State in Texas, saying we want to come after Republicans that question election fraud, give me a break. So you have the rhinos, the Neo cons, the rabid left allied together against the populist uprising of nationalist Americans who are peacefully trying to take our country back. So I'm way more concerned about nuclear war. I'm way more concerned about financial collapse. I mean, here's a good point, Stephen. Quite frankly, the way inflation is going the way it accelerates towards, why am I Republican Zimbabwe? In 10 years, there's such inflation, a billion dollars will be like $1,000. Yeah, I mean, at the current rate we're at here, so be like, No, I'm not scared. I am disgusted. And I really feel proud of myself. Because I've told the truth about this. I've said when I was wrong, they have created this whole synthetic identity for me, the straw man, and then they sat there and had to lie to a jury and suppress the truth. And tell them I was guilty and rigged this kangaroo court. So I myself can hold my head tall. But I am in general, very concerned for my children, for the country in the future, because of the rapid acceleration into total and complete corruption.

Dan  1:01:29
Wow, that's that's quite a answer to Are you scared? Yeah.

Jordan  1:01:32
I don't want to go with Yes.

Dan  1:01:36
I feel like from the some of the numbers that I was seeing the inflation is starting to turn around. And I don't know if we're gonna end up in a y Mar Germany situation, right? We're not gonna go Zimbabwe, baby.

Jordan  1:01:50
Right. Right, right. I mean, if I read everything correctly, I feel like there's a difference between like, radical out of control inflation and all of these businesses being like, Oh, they're talking about inflation, we can charge an extra two bucks.

Dan  1:02:04
Yeah, some of this is a little bit hard to disaggregate from each other. Some of these forces Yeah. But yeah, I don't I don't think that's the path we're heading on. And also, I think that nuclear war was supposed to have already started by now based on Alex's projection, we've been dead for a while. Yeah. So I guess he should probably be more concerned about his own personal matters. They seem pretty severe. Yeah, that

Jordan  1:02:27
billion in 10 years is still gonna be an albatross over your neck, buddy.

Dan  1:02:30
So the one of the CO hosts asks Alex, a very important question, and that is, what's up with the appeal? How is that gonna work? Right. And you'll notice over the course of the maybe next three clips that Alex can't answer specifics,

Crowder Associate  1:02:46
yeah. So you said earlier that this is going to be overturned? Why do you think that it will be overturned? Not that you just have kind of this faith in that that's going to happen? But what are you guys arguing? If you can reveal that to us on how it's gonna be overturned?

Alex Jones  1:02:57
Well, that's an excellent question. I have talked to dozens of very well known constitutional lawyers, I can tell you a norm pass a very well known successful lawyer around the country. Current and former judges in Connecticut and in New York, federal and state that say, this is the most insane craziness they've ever seen.

Dan  1:03:17
Alright, so your lawyer who lost this case for you is talking to other people, allegedly, and reporting to you secondhand that this shit is crazy. sounds true. And this is how you're gonna win the appeal. Yeah. Okay. So there's no grounds given for what the appeal what the argument is why they merit and appeal other than Come on? Yeah.

Jordan  1:03:39
It's an issue. If your appeal is based on that's just too big. Alex, like legit

Dan  1:03:44
seems to believe that if he can just pay for the appeal, he will magically win. Oh,

Alex Jones  1:03:49
either America's gone and completely done. Or in Texas. And in Connecticut, if I have the money for the appeals, that's why they want to bankrupt us right now. Right? Because they are so scared that if there's any justice left at the Texas or the Connecticut Supreme Court, or the US Supreme Court, they've got to overturn this because the deep state, the ambulance chaser brigade are openly saying they're coming after everyone with this just like when I got

Steven Crowder  1:04:15
saying that you think that people in the appeals court will will see the gravity of it is that is that what you're saying? Why you believe it will be overturned?

Alex Jones  1:04:23
I don't know the fixes in that. Hi.

Dan  1:04:26
Oh, I see. So Soros troll all the district attorneys in America and all the judges and everything but he can't penetrate the appeals court. I know also, the US Supreme Court is entirely blackmail by Chinese spy. But oh, no, no, the appeals court the fix isn't didn't that high.

Jordan  1:04:43
The one that's insanely done. Everything I hoped they would do is also definitely run by the Chinese billionaires.

Dan  1:04:50
Yeah, this is fun. I mean, it's just Alex trying to be like, Yeah, you should still give me money. Because I'm gonna find a way to launder it during the appeals process. Yeah,

Jordan  1:04:59
I mean, problem is the problem is for Alex is that in a very real way, this is an a political case for the law for lawyers and judges and everything, because they all have a vested interest in this being at least the bottom, you know, like all of them would prefer to have firm guardrails. So we don't have to go through like another, this judge has waited three years to Default Judgment, because we just have never seen this shit before. Yeah, so it helps if we have a baseline here of like, Guess what, here's a person who's done this shit before. Here's what we've done before. And now we don't have to do this again. You know, it'd be nice.

Dan  1:05:37
Yeah. I mean, it is fitting that, you know, this is Alex's sort of path. And as much as like Trump taught us so much about how much of the government is not codified. Yeah, much of it is based on just like, we all agree, this is how humans, it's a good idea to do this, right? Yeah, we all think this is smart. These norms that we've thought of protected us and kept things in line right aren't really real. Right. And Alex is kind of revealing some of the similar stuff with the Blick the legal system. Yeah, you could just not do stuff.

Jordan  1:06:07
It is unfortunate that it's like, oh, man, we've accidentally created a system geared towards giving narcissistic psychopaths a lot of money and power.

Dan  1:06:17
If they have the nerve, and the shad listen, and

Jordan  1:06:20
the shamelessness they can do whatever the fuck they want. Yeah, you know,

Dan  1:06:23
so Alex continues to ramble about his non answer about how this appeal is gonna work. And then he forgets what question he's answering.

Alex Jones  1:06:30
But I know that when, okay, they've got their pound of flesh. They've demonized me. They brought back up Sandy Hook, they made a bunch of money for their charities. They got $73 million from Remington

Jordan  1:06:39
Yeah, those bad people made a bunch of charity. And now nobody

Alex Jones  1:06:43
knows who Adam Lanza is to kill the kids. They only know Alex Jones. And so I'm sorry, was the question, Stephen. I apologize. No, no,

Steven Crowder  1:06:50
I think I think you answered the question, is it? Well, I think Gerald really wants to know, why do you believe it will be overturned? Do you think it's because they wanted to make an example of you? And then when it comes down to the actual constitutional law, it won't hold water? Is that why?

Alex Jones  1:07:01
Absolutely. I mean, I think that, well, they have to, or the country's over. I mean, you have to understand when I say kangaroo court, when I say show trial, I mean, this has never before been done a default, when you just don't even show up. We gave them everything.

Dan  1:07:15
It's fun. The way that Stephens interview style seems to be like, Alex is just rambling. I'll try and answer this question for him. Yeah. And see if he can just say yes to my suggested answer. And Alex does and then starts rambling some more

Jordan  1:07:29
it is it is fun that if you're Steven Crowder, you know, you started the show by being like, you weren't even allowed to make your defense. And then at the end of the show, you have to be like, Oh, no, that makes sense. Yeah, you shouldn't you shouldn't have been out your defenses. Terrible isn't one. Yeah. And you're just not going to be able to answer yes or no question to save your life. You're literally fucking literally to save your life. Your fucking defenses.

Dan  1:07:52
Hillary, yeah, go away. So Alex starts rambling about money and gets into his divorce. For some reason. This is weird. They said

Alex Jones  1:08:03
he made $61 million last year. Our gross was $61 million. I paid myself $200,000. Last year, it's all in the bankruptcy court. They know it. They know it's true. Was there a year that I paid myself? $12 million? Absolutely. The year of the divorce with my ex wife. Six years ago, thank God, it was the Trump error. For the first time ever. We had all this extra money, right? When she divorces me, it goes through the process. And the court made me pay her close to $10 million to quote buy her out of the company because I've been married to her for 13 years show the one year God came through the one year that because she was Yeah, make about a million $2 million a year but honestly, my audience, and after all the bills and stuff and illegal crap, it's gone. Of course. Okay, but I don't do it for money.

Dan  1:08:51
So wait, hold on. I gotta pause for a second. Yeah. He had a 500% 400% pay increase here magically. But yeah, okay, that makes sense. So weird. Yeah.

Alex Jones  1:09:02
The one year I made $12 million. God came through magically the money came in to then buy my ex wife out of the company. So again, they think, a trillion dollar judgment.

Steven Crowder  1:09:14
I want to say something here this important because I see you. And we all struggle with this right? Where you're saying, because I know that people think that sounds like a lot of money. And it's sad that you even have to say, No, you don't do this just for the money. But you absolutely deserve to earn a living. If you have millions of people who are listening and the amount of work that you put into it, I understand it. This is what I do here as well. Conservatives are the only ones surprisingly, the people who support free enterprise where we feel like because our audience is largely working class, you might say, look, look, don't get mad at me because I make this money because of this huge gap between one year making 12 million and a several 100 million dollar judgment. You know, who makes 12 million every single year called bear Fallon. No one cares,

Dan  1:09:51
because I can explain that dynamic a little better than Steven. He and Alex do this song and dance because they know that they're fucking over their audience. They After rationalize the money they make because it's an insane amount and they earn it by exploiting their audiences fear and anger and monetizing that while putting vulnerable people in harm's way. And they do no work

Jordan  1:10:12
and they sell garbage Yeah, absolute garbage

Dan  1:10:16
to even did no preparation for this interview, he has no idea of the subject that he's even covering. Now, there's no work that goes into this other than riffing dumb jokes. They know that they don't do shit. And whether it's conscious or not. That's another question about whether or not that's why they have to rationalize this. Yeah, but they have to pretend not to care about money, or else they run the risk of being way too obvious about how they sell things. And then before you know it, they're just a racist, QVC. Fallon and Colbert make money, but I'm not sure how much but they don't get on their show every night and try to rationalize it because they actually put on a show. They're entertainers doing a job, not just complaining about how they're so persecuted. And this has nothing to do with political alignment. Do you think Jeff Foxworthy or Larry, the cable guy or Ron White has to rationalize that they make millions of dollars? They don't, because their talent makes it obvious why they make that much money? For con men like Alex and Steven. It's different. And that's why they do have to do this like, Oh, hey, look, it's $100 million that I make, but it's no big deal. That's actually nothing.

Jordan  1:11:15
Yeah, now they're thieves have to justify why thievery is okay, well,

Dan  1:11:19
they're thieving, doing, like, sort of legal legal fee. Yeah. Legal thieves. Yeah. I mean, I understand that you have to explain why you have to rationalize. It gets confusing and suspicious, right.

Jordan  1:11:31
I think the thing that has stuck with me, maybe most? Well, no, there are a few things that really stuck with me during the Texas trial. But one of them that I will never forget is when Owen was on the stand. And he was being questioned about NPR. And he was like, you know, they're a nonprofit, right? And oh, and just said, but they still get paid, don't they? Like he they don't understand the idea of not doing something for money. Right? You know, like, Sure, I understand. We're a nonprofit, but this this is what actual not money is what you're just there doing your job. And you're surviving. Yeah.

Dan  1:12:12
And not to not to jump too far from what you're saying. But like, oh, when and Alex and other people in depositions have been very clear about like, we don't do we don't really do any preparation? No, no words. If they admitted that they did work, it would show Malleus

Jordan  1:12:24
it wouldn't really make it look hard.

Dan  1:12:28
To shit. Yep. Anyway, Alex wants to go to the documents. And this is about how hard he works.

Alex Jones  1:12:33
And this is the most important point I'm gonna make here. And I got a few documents I can show you that are really important that tie this all together. This is a major project for six years, two years before they sued me. And then now the last four, with literally hundreds of articles a week, sometimes 1000s Every major news channel, from HBO to PBS to Fox even attacking me over Sandy Hook and building it up into this giant controversy when I was not the Sandy Hook man to set the precedent with the Alex Jones precedent to shut everybody else down. Now let's talk about this being the biggest defamation judgment in US history by an order of at least 10 magnitude. We're gonna have overhead shot here. Damn, I wish the survivors of Epstein received 965 million. Exactly. Good point on Twitter. Elijah.

Dan  1:13:28
Twig from Eliza.

Jordan  1:13:30
He just read a tweet from Eliza.

Dan  1:13:32
Yep. Overhead shot for this tweet.

Jordan  1:13:34
Wow. Yep. And Twitter sucks.

Dan  1:13:37
Sure. Yep. Also, hey, Epstein's victims should be compensated. Yeah. That doesn't have anything to do with you. It's unfortunate. You also should pay out that billion dollars. Yeah,

Jordan  1:13:47
I mean, I agree. We're good that we both agree. This is not a zero sum game. But I agree. He also has money that should go elsewhere. Do you most of you have money when you should have zero money? Good call

Dan  1:14:00
Eliza. Yeah,

Jordan  1:14:01
I like that Eliza. Good work.

Dan  1:14:03
So they end the episode with a q&a session. And it's actually only three questions formally, but they take questions for people in Steven Crowder's mug club shirt. And here's the first one Okay, okay. Yeah, I'm

Crowder Associate  1:14:16
a glove viewer Jerry has a question for you Alex. What do you feel was an appropriate penalty for what you said?

Alex Jones  1:14:23
Nothing better that 10 Guilty men go free than one innocent man be prosecuted.

Dan  1:14:33
Here's why Alex is the worst saying nothing is so dumb. He should have said you pay for my meals for life totally. Who was Socrates something come on man. elevate this. Bring it on to what the fuck is wrong? It's a rare opportunity that you can actually pull us off into

Jordan  1:14:51
Yeah, you are going to die and you will not be remembered unless you pull something great man. You got to do it

Alex Jones  1:14:58
persecuted. They got rid of my due process, the judge found me guilty. They lied about it all. They hyped up what I said they exaggerated. I never said people, their houses, it's a lie. They're setting a precedent to steal your rights, not just your rights and listen to what you want to listen to, and make your own decisions. They're literally setting us up to come after the general public, an FBI agent that I never saw, never covered, never said his name till he sued me he admitted it on the stand was given $90 million. Because some people on the internet thought it didn't happen. I should be

Dan  1:15:29
no consequence. Let me off the hook.

Jordan  1:15:33
I do. I do appreciate it. The more I think about it, the more I appreciate the 10 Guilty bed should be free instead of what it is. Like. That's not a defense in a trial. It can't be like a listen, Your Honor. I did it. But can we know everyone did what they did? It's a good idea. Let me go free. Otherwise, you might put that man in jail.

Dan  1:15:57
No, no, no, no, no. He'd say the keys be innocent man who shouldn't be persecuted. Not what the guilty people who goes free.

Jordan  1:16:04
I feel like the implication there. He didn't intend to the right way. Well, maybe he's thinking he's the innocent man. But in this situation, he really comes off sounding like he's the one of the 10 guilty.

Dan  1:16:17
He should do a Socrates. Yeah. Anyway, there's a problem with the Crowder identifies. Yeah. And that is that a this is a lawsuit for defamation. IRAs that were against it. Yeah. But then there's some other lawsuits that you filed. Well, sir, sure. Alex did yeah, that doesn't come up. But other ones like the Covington Catholic show, and we do support these right shit. I need to talk about this.

Steven Crowder  1:16:41
And also, it's important when you'll get a lot of people on the left saying, Oh, the right as a double standard, because what about Nick Sandman and CNN What about Kyle Rittenhouse. They said his name. The President of the United States had an advertisement had an ad that went out that associated Kyle Rittenhouse specifically with white supremacy. They said Nick Sandman was mocking somebody. This poor Native American Nathan Phillips as I prefer my Native Americans to be called Nathan Phillips. They said yeah, he was mocking Nathan Phillips and he was he was stirring up the crowd. They did call out these people by name and these people had to hire security. And these people had to go into hiding. There is a difference. You did not do that. And they did it repeatedly. They did it all day and all night Not to mention what preceded Kyle Rittenhouse was the media drumming up actual hatred. And and that's

Alex Jones  1:17:28
right. And they didn't they never showed any evidence I showed people to harass people or anything. Of course, he was always what somebody else did.

Dan  1:17:33
So Alex is absolutely lying about there being no proof that he sent people to Newtown and that led to harassment. Yeah, elite complete horseshit. Absolutely. Also, I guess if Stephen wants to be such a stickler about saying people's names, which isn't necessary to prove intentional infliction of emotional distress, then he should support Alex paying Robbie Parker $120 million. Yeah, because Alex did say his name repeatedly and repeatedly mocked a video of him about to give his memorial to his daughter. Yeah. Or is there a double standard?

Jordan  1:18:06
I mean, are you if Crowder is going to put those as his benchmarks for when cases acceptable? Ah, well, we've reached those benchmarks. Sure. So

Dan  1:18:16
the ads pay up at 120 million. Yeah.

Jordan  1:18:19
I mean, if you want to say for some if that's your argument, that it's like a you have to say the name. Well, we've reached that benchmark, right. If your benchmark is somebody has to go into hiding, they went into hiding. Yeah. So guess what? We're done here.

Dan  1:18:32
I strongly disagree with the point that Crowder is making he's wrong. Yes. But based on his own, like perception, he should be like, alright, Alex, you don't owe 900 million you owe 120 mil. Like and if that was his perspective, I would think that'd be hilarious. It would be very funny to me, Alex, unfortunately, there's no way for me to be intellectually consistent. And

Jordan  1:18:53
your team I literally, spiritually physically in this world, if I have any intellectual curiosity,

Dan  1:19:02
I can, but I have to say that you owe $120 million to Robbie Parker. I have to Yeah. So here's the next question of this q&a.

Crowder Associate  1:19:10
Okay. No club, you're Taylor Koehler wants to know if people only knew one true thing about you, Alex, among all these lies, what would it be? That was

Steven Crowder  1:19:16
going to be my last question?

Alex Jones  1:19:18
Who I mean, look, I'm a real person. And sometimes I'm a little bit obnoxious because I'm trying to get through it all like here today. And I really appreciate Stephen in the Caribbean. So gracious, Chuck, and have a place to tell the truth. And I appreciate your courage, because you do get attacked for having me on. And just that this is our rights being taken. This is a Hollywood production. I'm not saying Sandy Hook didn't have it. I'm saying the production of what I supposedly did and how big it became. And this this, this huge event, I'm not the Sandy Hook guy. I'm the guy that wrote the number one best selling books in the world. They're really set in a war for the world. That's why the globalist hate me is because I'm exposing their corporate worldwide tyranny. I'm exposing groups like PayPal that are backed by the way saying If we don't like what you say, We're gonna find you $2,500 I'm opposing their authoritarianism. I'm a populist. I'm a champion of the people. And folks can actually hear the real Alex Jones and infowars.com infowars.com forward slash show are banned out video, go see the real live show, go see the archives, go see the guest. Go find out what I'm actually saying. Instead of little bitty, twisted edited excerpts that the corporate media puts out and understand the globalist she Infowars is the flag they want to capture. They're more obsessed with it than anything else out there right now. Because when the globalist tune in, they get scared, because I know what I'm talking about when it comes to the mechanics of the New World Order.

Dan  1:20:39
So it's interesting how Alex's one true thing contains multiple lies. That's It's pretty amazing. Very weird about that. I guess if you boil that down, his one true thing about himself that you need to know is that he's amazing. And he's so strong and right and smart that everything bad that happens to him is just the globalist attacking him with fake stories because he's so strong and right and smart. Yeah, it's cool. Yeah, that's a good thing to end on. For Alex.

Jordan  1:21:02
What's the

Dan  1:21:03
best would?

Jordan  1:21:05
I mean? Yeah, what else is there to say? He's, he's going out saying like, I am the best writer in the world. I'm the best talker in the world. I'm the most powerful man in the world because the most powerful people are coming after me. Right? Like Jesus, man, the devil doesn't come up. By the way in this interview. It's so weird because he seems really central to the plotline. Yeah,

Dan  1:21:23
also, Alex's book has fallen to 322 on the Amazon charts

Jordan  1:21:27
so close. It's weird how they don't stay at number one, just because you keep saying it. I ended wasn't ever at number one. There is that that's a problem too.

Dan  1:21:35
So actually, there's another question and that's a Steven has a question. Final question.

Steven Crowder  1:21:39
And we're gonna go to my club and take some more chats. What's the next step? What are you doing here? Next, Alex? gameplan.

Alex Jones  1:21:48
Well, that's a really great question. My biggest enemies myself, I am absolutely exhausted. I'm burnout. I drink too much. I haven't smoked in 14 years under the stress. I took up smoking again. Going out watching comedy and hanging out with Joe Rogan and a lot of cigarette smoking going on. Though I've done a little bit of the marijuana smoke too, but smoke a lot of the big smoke pot like once a month or something. Usually I'm at a comedy club or go see a movie. Every time I hang out with Joe smoke some pot, but sometimes like it's twice a week, but I haven't gotten to that much lately. I've been too busy but there's some days we plan on it like twice a week to get gets down but a little bit of fun stuff there. But long story short,

Dan  1:22:29
he's just doing it to test the potency because Soros has weaponized marijuana. Soros has weaponized marijuana Alex is smoking sometimes two times a week just for fun to hang out with his buddies seems like he's maybe not too worried about that. Maybe that's not a lot. And it's not a real thing.

Jordan  1:22:43
It's realized how it's so important. And then it's here and you just forget about it. It's the most important fight in the world. We have to fight against the globalist potency of drugs and there's bad vibe that I get high all the time.

Dan  1:22:56
I really don't think smoking cigarettes is gonna be good for him. That's not good. Yeah, I wouldn't do it. Maybe that's what the torn larynx Act was. He's

Jordan  1:23:06
just who was outside burning one. Yeah.

Dan  1:23:10
So Stephen does want to question though, about what's next. Yeah.

Jordan  1:23:14
I mean, when he said long story short, I wanted to throw up, because that was a short story. That's been very long.

Dan  1:23:21
So what's next? Stephen basically just has to pull teeth. To get that out of him.

Alex Jones  1:23:27
There's some days we went on it like twice the wings got gets down, but a little bit of fun stuff there. But long story short,

Steven Crowder  1:23:35
I gameplan. Alex, ask your hobbies

Alex Jones  1:23:40
anyways, well, I mean, it's a little bit of a name drop to all the trendy liberals that think are trendy and cool. And I love the police don't hate free speech. I'm the real rebel. Infowars is the Vanguard. So Steven Crowder, we are the rebels. We are the outlaws we are 1776. We are the counterculture. Not them and they can't stand that. And so that's what all people know. We are the counterculture. Steven Crowder is a counterculture. The listeners and viewers of these shows that support independent media are the future of not just America, but the world and people can find out what all the stinks. about@infowars.com.

Steven Crowder  1:24:12
So it sounds to me like what you're saying, your next step is and I, Alex, you know, I have a lot of love for you. But sometimes it is tough to get you to answer your question.

Steven Crowder  1:24:19
I think you said

Steven Crowder  1:24:22
you need to get some rest is what you're saying. Right? Your your game plan is some rush, recoup and come back.

Alex Jones  1:24:27
Not sure I'm having more. Listen, I'm more ADHD when I'm totally exhausted. So I've done Meatwad interviews, and I was up till one o'clock in the morning and I apologize. My brain is gone right now. So yes, I realized this is what's coming next. I realized they want to take me out of the game. And I realized that I'm never going to quit now because they want to silence me. Because this is a battle of wills. I know it's the right thing to do. But I also understand that I take myself out of the game by being fried or burnout they win. So I am going to in the next few months do something I never do. I'm going to take off a week A month starting at the end of this month, November and December. I mean, take off two weeks in December. I want my listeners to understand why I've got to do it. Because I've got to rest. I've got to stop drinking. I've got to stop smoking. I got to go to church to recharge my batteries. I've got to take, you know, my daughter camping, I've got to, you know, go camping and shooting with my son and my other daughters. And so if you're asking what's happening, I'm gonna recharge my batteries, get back to family, get back to God, and come back in 2023 harder than ever.

Dan  1:25:28
I thought this is bullshit. I mean, I think he probably will take a week off in November and December for Thanksgiving and Christmas. Yeah. Let's say not gonna stick also, like we're supposed to be right on the cusp of nuclear war. Yeah, no, no, I like your self care is somehow gonna mesh focus. Yeah, just do your job. Tell me what

Jordan  1:25:49
the tell me what's really in your world? You know,

Dan  1:25:53
who doesn't freak out like this? Other people who do daily shows? Yeah. Like, this is him. Yeah. This is you just be healthier. Stop acting like this and just grow up. That's another thing too. Like, I don't know, maybe I'm not cool. And I've never really been that cool, fair, but I find it pathetic to hear like 40 year olds talking about counterculture. I know, I totally don't know what it is. But like, as I've gotten older, the interest in whether or not something is culture, counterculture, or any of that stuff. Yeah, it kind of becomes something that maybe has a little bit of like an artistic interest to me something that's like a subversive piece of music. Art may break, but like, I don't know, a lot of the aesthetic trappings and a lot of that stuff, I think is a little bit for the youth and

Jordan  1:26:47
you can't be a rebel and have $100 million. First off that's that's not how that works. Phu. Ghazi wasn't cool and also had a $100 million. They were playing in the basement of a dilapidated church. They were not doing they weren't doing Green Bay stadiums. Green Bay cannot be a rebel and fucking do Madison Square Garden. That's

Dan  1:27:07
not how that works. You kind of lose the ability to have credibility as counterculture will have

Jordan  1:27:11
to sign like a 40 page contract to do a show. You're not a rebel. That's not how that works.

Dan  1:27:18
When you have a CNN level studio that you're broadcasting from. Yeah, it's kind of tough to to make that argument. A

Jordan  1:27:27
condemned building comedy show is a rebellious comedy show beyond

Dan  1:27:32
cold Chuck off. Yeah, it's a space where countercultural ism can really thrive. Yeah, it might still be an incredibly mainstream show and a big totally that's very possible for that to happen. Yeah, but you're not going to see something that's wildly subversive at like the Laugh Factory or a note soft

Jordan  1:27:50
at Jamie's Yeah. Listen, Hey, man. I was a countercultural icon when I m seeds, zany,

Dan  1:27:57
right, yeah, I get I get what Alex is saying. And again, maybe I'm a square, but I I cared a lot more about that when I was

Jordan  1:28:06
19. I mean, I mean, that that whole idea of like, sell it out or anything along those lines. i Oh, who cares? Who cares? I mean, Barry Gordy isn't around anymore. You're gonna sell out or whatever, you know, but it is disgusting. To think that. If you and I right now, we're at any point in time like, Listen, man, as we sit here in our fucking hoodies, and tennis shoes, like we're the true rebels and not going outside. The rebels who are fucking hermits. No, that's not how it works. No, no,

Dan  1:28:43
I sit in a fairly comfortable apartment. Having overdue to do the dishes. Yep, surrounded by buttons. And I am neither culture nor counterculture. We don't even have room for adults. Yeah,

Jordan  1:28:55
no, no, that's just how it works.

Dan  1:28:57
Basically, instead of like forcing yourself to get rest or whatever the fuck you're talking about. grow up, grow up. Anyway, Steven touches on an interesting question. And that is, why aren't you on Rogan?

Steven Crowder  1:29:09
But you know what? You just mentioned something. Hey, thanks, Rogan gonna have you on a show. Why aren't you

Alex Jones  1:29:18
mean to Joe? Joe told me I was laughing was on the show was two years ago. And it was one of the bigger shows you ever did with? Who was on I hadn't heard that as a great comedian. Really funny. Yeah, Tim Dylan. And just like, yeah, we're heavy on a couple of months, couple months, couple months. And then you know, it's pretty obvious what's going on. Just a little too much heat for Joe to have me on which is fine. He encouraged about the vaccines. He's had courage about censorship. He's been criticized in the power structure but he's not as hardcore as Steven Crowder and I'll just say it, but at least the overall defense free speech, and I just I just don't think Joe can you know, handle it?

Dan  1:29:53
Yeah, what is it gonna take for Joe to just be like, I'm done with this.

Jordan  1:29:56
What is it gonna take?

Dan  1:29:57
I'm gonna take I'm done with your fucking maligning me for not promoting you.

Jordan  1:30:02
He's a piece of shit whenever you don't give him enough attention. He whines and tells you you're a piece of shit. Fuck off.

Dan  1:30:08
Yeah. And granted, this isn't sneaky snake, I'm gonna go to him like a pig. Talk about his quite that. But this is still kind of insulting

Jordan  1:30:15
and it's on a different show. It's on a different show. Yeah. And he's saying essentially, hey, listen, Joe's got some courage, but that man is a coward at heart compared to you exactly. The guy who's in a fucking sit outside of college. I mean,

Dan  1:30:30
I see you wearing that shoulder holster. And I think there was a man. Oh, man,

Jordan  1:30:36
I think that the Maltese Falcon is around the corner.

Dan  1:30:40
So Alex isn't worried though, like about Rogan not having him on here. It's totally cool.

Alex Jones  1:30:44
We were out at dinner about a month ago. Last time I hung out with him. And it's just pet peeve not to bring it up. And I just said, man, it really helped me with this upcoming court case, because the whole media is against me. But I can get on there and explain things that he just said, Alex, got, you know, there's too much too much craziness going on. Let's just get through this. We'll talk about it later. So I'm not really worried about it. Obviously, I'm the big interviewer he'd want. He even said, Listen, you're like nuclear weapons. You know? It's a big deal to have you on. But I'm not worried about it. It's really a question for Joe. Because I

Steven Crowder  1:31:15
just asked him because, you know, you talked about how you're hanging out with him. Not only if not him, you know he has he has a bunch of friends who could have Janya, but he has a whole podcast network. You know, I don't

Jordan  1:31:22
even Dylan could have your dick was

Steven Crowder  1:31:25
me. I'd love to grow it eventually with other people and be able to, you know, throw more support, find books, but

Alex Jones  1:31:31
courage scale on the courage scale. Steven Crowder is a 10 hour shows a 10 and Joe Robinson eight, and I'll take an eight all day over our enemies that are at a zero of course, and so I'm nothing but thankful to Joe for all the heat he's taken having me on.

Jordan  1:31:45
And you're more than that. You're also insulted we understand it. And you know what, that's how

Alex Jones  1:31:48
to give out in the inside baseball numbers work. But I'm just gonna leave it at this. I'll tell you all fair if you want but it's private. The very same people trying to silence me. And I'm not gonna get into it on here, but there's been some real harassment of Joe and stuff that's gone on.

Steven Crowder  1:32:04
Oh, I know. Yeah. I know that's happened with him. And you know, people are and you know, I'm on that, you know, I'm on that list as well. So I know we all deal with it. And oh,

Dan  1:32:11
man Joe's getting threatened about having Alex on. And guess what? So Stephen, but Stephen doesn't care because he's that he's a 10. He's a 10.

Jordan  1:32:21
What a bunch of losers.

Dan  1:32:23
Yep. Yep. It's tough to it's tough to watch a show like this and not really feel sad. Yeah. This is sad. It's not good either. Like I would understand if something had like, like an ethos that I disagreed with a lot of points that I didn't agree with. Right. But like, if Steven Crowder was like, he had a spark of real funny in him. Yeah. Or if there was like, an interesting angle and delivery on stuff if his co hosts were worth a damn as sidekicks. Yep. Like I would, I would say like, I disagree with this. I think it sucks, but they're doing a show. This just as bad from all angles. Really bad.

Jordan  1:33:05
Yeah, man. That is, it's just so sad. It's so sad. All of you are our adult men. Talking about how great you are to children that are there. Okay, rows. That is gross.

Dan  1:33:21
I'm so much more of a big strong boy than Rogen. I have all the courage in the world. So at the end here, this is the last clip we've got. Because they got to go to mug Club, which is the like behind the paywall segment and Alex is like, you know who's a rebel, a guy with a mug club at a paywall. Gar Cloetta rebel, the true rebels, right, and Alex is talking at the end about how he has to go to do his own show. So he wasn't going to be on that for very long. So I don't really care about what's behind the paywall. Right. But before they leave, Alex tries to troll the media is covering him is really sad. Okay, if you want to just

Alex Jones  1:33:58
information war, it absolutely should be flooding you with funding. You're one of the only professional people doing top flight comedy and analysis. I mean, it's better than the production on like these late shows that giant budgets 20 times your budget, people should flood you with support and more importantly, word of mouth because I know that's the real currency we all want is to override the censors and to win the Info Wars. Absolutely. Everybody should support Steven Crowder who's got the 500 pound testicles. Well, Joe's only got Joe's only got Joe's only got 400 pounds. Well, I admire I admire Joe's balls. Okay, well, Steven, yours are bigger, bigger and even more juicy.

Steven Crowder  1:34:37
Well, gosh,

Steven Crowder  1:34:38
he did say you've been drinking too much. And part of that has to do with the fact that I have the under under the cabinet microwave. I've learned my lesson. Alright. Hey,

Alex Jones  1:34:44
I made I made a gay joke. So it goes viral. Funny, yeah. And you said you have to recharge your batteries. Alex Jones is a robotic homosexual. Alright, look, Joe tough love Steven Crowder's juicy ball

Steven Crowder  1:35:00
My gosh, yeah. When do I get my 900 million? For what?

Dan  1:35:05
Um, this is, this is funny to them. But here when Alex has to tell his his balls joke and then say it's funny, that's a bad sign.

Jordan  1:35:17
That's not good. No,

Dan  1:35:18
I didn't know it was a joke. By get er done back when I did stand up well, it's funny. Yeah. After every joke I would say it's laugh now. Da Yeah, this is when you it's I think things are less effective when you say like, Hey, I'm doing this so the media will report on it. That's fun and sad. But also the thing that makes it funny is that both of them are huge. homophobes them are like violently

Jordan  1:35:48
Yeah. Is that what's funny is that they can dip into the into their

Dan  1:35:53
they may they make a joke of talking about Stephens balls because it is gay to them. And they hate gay people.

Jordan  1:36:02
Right. Right. But I mean, they know that we've just spent too much time with I don't know, I don't know what people who aren't funny really find funny. It's funny

Dan  1:36:12
to them because they're engaging in form of homophobia, right and training from the target or being hurt by homophobia. Right, right. So it is quite funny to them

Jordan  1:36:23
right to them. It's a transgressive concept. And so someone saying that would blow their fucking minds into laughter I get that, but I don't get it. I don't get it. They're they're

Alex Jones  1:36:34
the real rebels. Oh, man, I think

Dan  1:36:37
that this would have been much just a ways, maybe quite a ways below, like Andrew Dice Clay in the 80s. You know, like, you know, in terms of being something that's like rebellious, I mean,

Jordan  1:36:49
I'm an I'm an elitist comedy, you know, but I'm a comedian. You know, like, that's what you're supposed to be I but I can still I can still laugh it at things that are sophomoric, but you just have to be good. You have to be there has to be cleverness, there has to be direction there has to be intent or thought behind it or you know, something along those lines

Dan  1:37:10
I get I get what you're saying. But I think that from a construction standpoint, the joke is the media reports on this interview as Alex likes Stevens juicy balls, right. That's the that's the the the amusing image. Is the news running that headline, right? But the real joke is that the news isn't going to cover this at all. Yeah, this interview at all.

Jordan  1:37:35
I mean, you guys are the joke.

Dan  1:37:38
It's imagining the ways in which you are tricking the media into a troll headline. That is doesn't doesn't come to

Jordan  1:37:44
that is it is very funny to listen to these guys. Imagine how they are outsmarting the media. Yeah,

Dan  1:37:53
that's very funny. Well, it's all it's all in their their game. Yeah. Being the best. Yeah. So this sucked. I don't want to listen to anymore. Steven

Jordan  1:38:03
Crowder. Never again, this is brutal. But one of

Dan  1:38:07
the things that I found very interesting was that there is probably not that much difference between how he presents himself here and on his show. In terms of this stuff. I think part of that is because he clearly felt the ability to steamroll Steven. Yeah, that wasn't husband throws to two clips at once. Yeah, so I think there is a sense that like, Alright, I'm just gonna do my show on his show. Yeah, he can't handle me. No, he's got no choice. I'll just be able to do that. And then I'll call him at 10 or Rogan's innate and I'll compliment his balls. Yeah, be fine. Yeah,

Jordan  1:38:39
it is. It is like, like kicking a choirboy and then patting him on the head being like, You did such a great job getting kicked, you know, that's bad was bad.

Dan  1:38:48
Yeah, but there really isn't a ton of like, message discrepancy. It is just, I've been wronged. I didn't get a trial, blah, blah, blah. They're coming for you.

Jordan  1:38:59
Yeah. Explain to me how a man can insist that he is both apologized and taken responsibility for his behavior, and yet still be like, well, if at least you get nothing.

Dan  1:39:15
i That's question for Alex. And the mug club did not ask that. So

Jordan  1:39:20
that surprised that mug Club does not do a lot of follow up. So that's what I've heard. That's what I've

Dan  1:39:23
heard. He was just Stephen. And that's another reason why he could have messaged discipline and stay with the same thing he says on Infowars is because

Jordan  1:39:30
Stephens not going to ask him to fucking barely even talk. It's in no way

Dan  1:39:33
a hostile environment. Yeah, I would say that Rogan is a more confrontational interviewer than than Yeah.

Jordan  1:39:39
Just because he'd be like to say something funnier about that. Yeah.

Dan  1:39:44
Stephen did the same thing that Greenwald did, which is like tried to offer answers to questions he was asking Alex, this would be a good answer. If you want to just take this. Yeah,

Jordan  1:39:54
it is. He was massaging Alex's shoulders while he's doing it. Just say that.

Dan  1:40:00
dissipating in being interviewed. Yeah, well interviewing.

Jordan  1:40:03
Yeah. Just said because he thought it would be a better interview I

Dan  1:40:05
imagine probably Yeah. Anyway, we'll be back Jordan. But until then we have a website indeed

Jordan  1:40:10
we do. It's knowledge ii.com We're also on Twitter we are on Twitter it's at knowledge underscore fight.

Dan  1:40:15
I saw you tweet today

Jordan  1:40:16
I listen I use it showed up the algorithm knows that I fucking hate Glenn Greenwald. So it shows me Glenn Greenwald. And I get so mad, but I'm not on Twitter.

Dan  1:40:25
He's back. He's not. Alright, we'll be back. But until then, I'm Neo. I'm Leo. I'm DCI scar guy Wilford snuggle Snapple of the Gribble. Pebble. And now here comes the sex robots.

Alex Jones  1:40:35
Andy in Kansas, you're on the air. Thanks for holding.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:39
Well, Alex, I'm a first time caller. I'm a huge fan. I love your work lobby.
