Norm Pattis  00:01
A young fireplug of a lawyer got his teeth and Alex Jones and decided that this was something you'd like to gnaw on. And, you know, so he poured through a series of people who were designated as corporate reps and then publish their EBA on their depositions online. And so the haters what we had a field day with the corporate reps no one else Infowars was willing to do it again. No one wanted to have their deposition placed on video online to the ridicule while the Alex haters knowledge fight. There are people there's a there's a whole knowledge fight.com or something called Knowledge first or knowledge fight. These people will apparently live by loving date Alex Jones, and they pounced on every piece of video they can find. Knowledge find much fight. There's a website called Knowledge violet, find what you know, these are a couple of bottom feeders who make their chops eating out. And so they have episodes almost daily. The corporate reps didn't want to be exposed to that again.

Norm Pattis  01:13
I guess I should say, I got my ass kicked. Knowledge fight. Fight knowledge fight on

Jordan  01:23
a couple of bottom feeders. worship at the altar of sleep and talk a little bit about Alex Jones.

Jordan  01:31
Oh, yes, we are dad Jordan. What's your bright spot today, buddy?

Jordan  01:36
My bright spot is I was on Marty and Sarah love wrestling. Yes. On podcast our friends Marty and Sarah. Do bass errors in Belgium? Oh, yeah. And so Marty needed someone to fill in. And we had a fun conversation about my feelings about Bray

Jordan  01:53
Wyatt. That's excellent. I imagine that would be the main focus a little bit

Jordan  01:57
more about Bray Wyatt. than some talk about how I don't understand what the deal is with orange Cassidy.

Jordan  02:04
You Well, that's fair.

Jordan  02:06
It was a lot of fun. People can find that over it. I guess you just search for Marty and Sarah love wrestling podcasts. You know how to find.

Jordan  02:13
I mean if you don't know how to find podcasts that's kind of an interesting thing that

Jordan  02:17
you find us Yeah, exactly. You come here from norm Pattis tell you to check out these jokes did

Jordan  02:24
users did you download this bootleg from Livewire? What's going on here? Yeah, so what's your bread? My bright spot is shoes. Dan. My wife. Very beautiful person. Lovely. love her very much. She's my favorite. I found out recently that my shoes are garbage as they almost always are. Got me some new shoes in there. Amazing. Nice. Sarah Mays. I'm the fastest tennis player maybe there's ever been right? Well, and if

Jordan  02:51
you fuck up, you can say new shoes. New shoes. Yeah, they're you know, all sorts of things can be just completely written off because you have new shoes.

Jordan  02:58
Oh, what's even better. They're a little bit too big, just a little bit. It's actually very comfortable. But when you're running, that's an excuse. But

Jordan  03:06
also your feet are like goldfish, and they will grow to the size of the container.

Jordan  03:11
That does sound correct. From what I remember in basic biology when I was about eighth grade. That is what they said. Yeah, about cofina Take a look at those shoes. These are different shoes that were in the old shoe. I don't want to screw up the good shoes. Sure.

Jordan  03:24
Sure. Yeah. One time I got new shoes on are pretty bright white, you know, like because they're new. Sure. And I wore them to an open mic just because Oh, no. They're like my older shoes had fallen apart. Right? Right. So I wore them and I walked in and immediately sorry and Choccy and John, his buddy John. John McBride. The two of them were sitting at a table and they saw me and they just started doing a run of jokes about my new show. Whoa, whoa.

Jordan  04:00
I love I love it. I love you don't get that. It's just my favorite.

Jordan  04:06
Yeah, I couldn't stop laughing. Anyway, Jordan today we have an episode to go over. Oh, we're gonna do some fun stuff. But you might have noticed in the intro there we have a new special intro courtesy of DJ Dan archy. Thanks so much thought best norm Pattis lawyer extraordinaire, one of the premier lawyers First Amendment lawyers, constitutional lawyers

Jordan  04:27
for shitbags.

Jordan  04:29
He has a podcast called law and legitimacy. And on a recent episode, after the trial, he did a little bit of a breakdown battle of what happened. How he was wrong, that idea how the appeal is gonna go great. Sure. And it he decided to bring us up. And what a terrible idea. First of all, I mean, Norm you didn't get the memo that you're not supposed to talk about us.

Jordan  04:53
That's the rule. That's rule number one there. You just accidentally revealed a lot more than you wish you

Jordan  05:00
ate a bit quite a bit because I think like, so he mentioned us in a bankruptcy hearing where he called us knowledge first, right, which was great. And I think that we have a cottage industry out of making fun of fantastic. And that was just good, clean fun. But this mention of us is deeply problematic for Alex and everybody at Infowars. Yeah, and in case, you know, you could hear the intro and feel like things are maybe taken a little bit out of context. Yeah, here is the clip of norm talking about us on his podcast. And afterwards, I think we'll have a lot to celebrate.

Norm Pattis  05:35
And if there's one thing I've learned about Alex, it's that these are these were video depositions, people love to hate them. And so the haters would we had a field day with the corporate reps and the corporate reps. There's not there's no there there, there is no real organization. So they testified about what they knew. And their answer to most things is, I don't know, good question, really. And he that young man was able to persuade a trial judge in Texas that this was willful failure, that the corporation had an obligation to produce a representative that could answer his questions because there had to be answers. And so there was a nother deadline in Texas to produce a corporate rep. We selected I selected a person from Connecticut because no one else it Infowars was willing to do it again. No one wanted to have their deposition placed on video online to the root of the Alex haters, because you know what, there are people there's a, there's a website I've heard about called Knowledge fight. You know, these are a couple bottom feeders there are make their chops eating out. And so they have episodes almost daily, and they you know, they'll call me out they'll call this one. I mean, I don't know if Alex is going to get a percentage of the royalties for the space. Oh, good luck. And so the Alex haters didn't you know, the corporate reps didn't want to be exposed to that again. So the Connecticut representative testified she didn't satisfy the fireplug or the Texas judge. She testified in Connecticut three and a half days. I call that the Gilligan's Island direct the guy Heteroptera the lawyer for the plaintiffs.

Jordan  07:13
Wait, the Gilligan's? That's three hour tour? Yeah, three and a half day. Yeah, that doesn't make sense. Oh, but that's that's norm stand up chops coming? Yeah, I was gonna say, um, So, norm. Come on, man. You're showing too much here. So apparently, Brittany paws got hired as the corporate representative because we everyone else was too worried about being roasted.

Jordan  07:35
Here's what's the most important thing like, okay, you know, Dan, you kicked ass and you brought a lot of work into it. But also the trials where the lawyers did a great job, you know, like your contribution was was spectacular, but it was limited and it was shared. In this case. Dan, you cost norm Pattice? Personally $30,000 Maybe?

Jordan  07:57
Oh,

Jordan  08:00
lots more because of the higher pretty? Yeah, 30 grand is all you

Jordan  08:05
Yeah, might be I mean, I don't want to break down quantifying things. What is important is that there is a recognition here of behavioral change that was made at Infowars, which is prior to this Rob do was totally fine. Going in a being a candle wearing doofus sitting in there being on I don't know, how many did he do? A couple eggs? Yeah, exactly. And then, you know, Daria was totally fine. These depositions, I don't actually think she's afraid of me at all, or anything. But these people were not willing to do this and face the kind of scrutiny in the public eye that our podcast brings. Literally airwaves, only our podcast brings, right. And the other thing that it reveals do is that there are discussions. They know us being a motivating factor in them not wanting so to be the corporate rep, which is fucking hilarious.

Jordan  08:56
That means this conversation happened. We need you to be the corporate rep again. I don't want to do it. Those two guys will be mean to me.

Jordan  09:05
Those two guys at Chicago will just roast the shit out of Chicago. Wow.

Jordan  09:13
Good luck. We royalties. Oh, boy. Oh, yeah.

Jordan  09:17
Also, Norman's recommerce He's really got to stop with this brain landlord joke. Yeah, that's nice. Been doing this too much. In the aftermath of the trial too much like I live rent free in people's heads. Sure, sure. I mean, it's fun and all like I remember the first time I heard it, like, when I was maybe 13. Yeah, it was a really interesting phrase. Yeah. Now it's a little I especially when Norman said it like 100 times. Yeah, it's getting very old. And I think that it's it's evidence of him either deflecting from reality or not understanding what I and this show is about. Yeah, like I don't give a shit. Like he is only Serving the purposes of what I hope to achieve

Jordan  10:03
Yeah, Alex is a window yeah Alex is nothing the sky and everything cool is out there after we get through Alex

Jordan  10:12
not after we get through Alex in terms of like, you know him going away right get through in terms of after you understand exactly do you see the window?

Jordan  10:20
There's you can see through the windows three out Yes, yes.

Jordan  10:24
And yeah norm I mean like none of this lives free in my head I think it's hilarious yeah and

Jordan  10:30
it's even funnier now that you It's too funny. It's too funny. Oh,

Jordan  10:34
so thank you norm you know, they it's beyond the brightspot it's a it's a revelation it

Jordan  10:39
is it is i because it is such it is such an acknowledgment of how much gaslighting they've been doing to us like I it's physically impossible for them not to know right? We've known that for a long time. Yeah, but what they knew how much they knew what it meant to them all that stuff that we couldn't we could only guess it that we could only guess and it kind of drives you mad because you're like, there's no way they put that much thought into and

Jordan  11:05
I think you know, I think that's partially because you and I are are self deprecating people by nature. So it's like get off your fucking high horse these people don't care. No one cares about you in your head and you're you know gaslighting yourself along with them

Jordan  11:18
You think you're so important that they care about you is by is my thought process.

Jordan  11:23
That's why it was so shocking that like I'd heard that he mentioned something Yes. And when I was listening to it, I'm like, What the fuck?

Jordan  11:30
I heard. I had heard the rent free thing. So I was like, Oh, they could do that. To find out the second part is mind boggling. Woof woof woof also, it is a bad idea to insult somebody when they have a DJ willing to remix that in so if you were if you were in high school and there was a bully bothering you, but you had a DJ who was going to remix their insult you have one

Jordan  11:57
right yeah and if you have so little respect for the bully that whatever insult they're saying anything

Jordan  12:04
Yeah, hilarious and do your best.

Jordan  12:07
So good luck Good luck. Thank you Norm Yeah, anyway, we have an episode like I said, but before we get to it let's take a little moment say hello to some new walk. Oh, that's great idea. So first Wilford Snapple Snapple of the Gribble. Pebble, thank you so much. You are now policy walk. I'm a policy wonk. Wait,

Jordan  12:21
you can't dance. You can't donate to you know, I

Jordan  12:24
can't use that as a name at the end because it's somebody else. Walk who blame so I have to come up with a new alias. Yeah,

Jordan  12:29
this is like a Twitter handle. They

Jordan  12:30
bought it from you maybe mind slumlord?

Jordan  12:36
Wait, why did that one show up first in your brain?

Jordan  12:39
I don't know. That's a question. Shep says trans rights. Thank you so much for now policy while I'm a policy wonk, thank

Jordan  12:44
you very much. And

Jordan  12:45
we agree. Next, rolly boys, thank you so much. You're now a policy wonk.

Jordan  12:50
I'm a policy wonk. Thank you very much.

Jordan  12:52
Next, Lucy Lawless on the trail. Thank you so much for an hour policy walk. I'm a policy wonk.

Jordan  12:57
Thank you very much.

Jordan  12:58
I go next never expected to learn that Alex Jones thinks our last name is weird. We pronounce it pet in Gil. The Gribble Pitbull is silent. Thank you so much. You are now a ballsy one. I'm a policy wonk. Thank

Jordan  13:09
you very much.

Jordan  13:10
Next, Angela and chase of house Gribble. Pitbull, thank you so much. Now policy one.

Jordan  13:16
Here's, here's how far behind sometimes you could really get it really shortly after the Gribble.

Jordan  13:25
And oops, all swear he carries. Thank you so much for now policy walk. I'm a policy wonk. Thank you very much. Thank you. Now, Jordan. Yes. As you know, we've talked about this privately. I've been having some insomnia type issues. Yeah. The past week has been really tough with sleep schedule traveling. And, you know, I think it has a little bit of an effect on you know, what you want to do, how much you can take on and what have you. And I found myself this week, definitely having a like, I don't even want to turn on Alex's show. I don't even want to listen to it. It's frustrating. I know. I'm going to be bored. I'm already exhausted. I don't really want to do this. And so I kind of I've, you know, I can guess what he's saying. Yeah, I feel like I'm just not interested. Not hard. And so I decided a norm talking shit about us covering the show. We're going through his whole show. No, oh, no. Oh, all these people are afraid to sit in a deposition room. Oh, no. today. We have another formulaic objection. Yay. So today, what we're going to be looking at is the deposition of Don Salazar. Okay, the longtime writer and editor Infowars. One of the people who wrote some of the articles that were primary in the Sandy Hook conspiracy, right. Someone who has a number of emails around to the Sandy Hook conversation. Yeah. Somebody who followed us on Twitter until we mentioned it and then he unfollowed ran

Jordan  14:57
away forever. Are we? This is

Jordan  15:01
from the Connecticut? Case, scotch. And Adan is somebody who I've always had a little bit of a fascination with. Because I think he is a soldier, as they say, in the in the I don't know what world but gangland warfare world. Yeah, gotcha. Sure. He seems he strikes me in the same way as someone like a Daria. And that is like all you believe, right? Or whether or not you believe you believe in whatever the underlying mission

Jordan  15:29
is, you are going to follow orders, regardless of whether or not they are sanctioned by the Geneva Conventions a lie

Jordan  15:37
and you know, you believing some insane thing. Yeah, are undistinguishable Right, right between for you, because whatever is motivating, it is more important and its primary. He is somebody who's written a lot of horrible shit over the course of his time. He seems like an asshole. But he's also somebody who I've never heard talk. I've never seen him in front of the camera. He's not he's not an on camera guy. That's true. And so I had nothing, really to prepare me to, to see this deposition. Like what's gonna happen here? No, is afraid of him anymore. Oh, you see that? For one thing, he doesn't strike me as savvy as I imagined him.

Jordan  16:20
So his intelligence is not of the world shaking variety. It might be a

Jordan  16:25
perfectly smart person, but I don't find him and the way he answers questions or the way he processes what's going on to be all that like, remarkable. And then also, he's 37. And that really bummed me out. Right? I for some reason, I thought he was like, 26. Or, like, I don't know, in the Alex Darren mcbreen a right brain. For some reason. 37 was about the exact age that I was surprised to hear. Yeah. And I was disappointed. Maybe it's because I'm 38 sure, you know, it's like I can kind of whatever the, you know, the landmarks and in life, right, they would have been fairly similar. We would have been the same age at about certain time to experience certain things, world events, you know, from the same presumed level of maturity, right? And that kind of makes me sad.

Jordan  17:17
Yeah, it would be less sad if he were on the front nine of life, so to speak, you know, like, instead of the back nine is where he's starting. He's starting on the town hall, and you're going this is not going to end well for you, man. The

Jordan  17:28
The other thing too, is though, like, I realized how delusional that was of me, because he's been there since 2012. Yeah. So like, the idea that he would be 26 is like what he started at 16. I mean, this is ridiculous. That

Jordan  17:39
seems like the appropriate level of writing he's at though you're not wrong. Yeah.

Jordan  17:43
So this deposition is quite interesting. It's taken by Chris Mati. And, yeah, let's just jump in, begins with some formalities and stuff. And the first question, the first bit that you want to get into is, how did you prepare for this deposition?

Jordan  18:04
always my favorite question, it's a great way to open well, and it always

Jordan  18:07
reveals that they didn't really

Jordan  18:09
do it at all. Yeah.

Chris Mattei  18:10
What did you do to prepare for today's deposition? Mr. Salazar?

Adan Salazar  18:15
I went over a few of the articles that are in question. Which article? Did the I reread the FBI Sandy Hook? FBI says nobody died at Sandy Hook and probably the first how big article that I wrote the first article probably sorry, how big Wolfgang Halbig article that I wrote.

Chris Mattei  18:42
In that article was titled something to the effect of investigator threatened Sandy Hook investigator threatened something to that effect. Yes, sir. That's it. You reviewed those two articles, review anything else,

Adan Salazar  18:57
but I didn't go in depth that I kind of just glossed over them. That's pretty much it.

Chris Mattei  19:02
Okay. So other than those two articles, did you review any other materials in advance of your deposition today? Other than attorney woman, Did you discuss your deposition with anybody else today? No, sir. Okay. You haven't communicated with Alex Jones that you're being deposed? No, sir. You haven't communicated that to rob do? No, sir. You having communicated that to David Jones? No, sir. Okay. We ordinarily be working today. Yes. And you're currently employed by whom? Free Speech systems

Adan Salazar  19:41
infowars.com.

Jordan  19:43
As this deposition progresses, you get the sense that maybe a Don should have done a little more to prepare for this interview. There are basic elements of his timeline and surrounding context of his writing that Maddie can demonstrate which Adan seems to think are like undiscoverable secrets. Also, I find it very strange. angen probably difficult to believe that Adan didn't talk to Alex or rob do about being deposed. They work together. This is in relation to a suit against Alex and the company. And as Don says he was supposed to be at work that day. It seems like he would have to come up with a reason he couldn't make it to work. So I guess he must just lied to his employer right off the bat that doesn't inspire confidence in him as a credible witness highlighting his willingness to deceive.

Jordan  20:25
Yeah, I told him, I told no, no, listen, I didn't tell Alex or Owen or anything, because I told him my grandma died and I had to go to the funeral. So I'm a reliable source. Come on, let the

Jordan  20:35
record show that this guy is a liar. I can understand if a Don doesn't want to say that he spoke with Alex about what he was going to testify as that would probably or even possibly give the impression that Alex coached him, but I don't understand what issues there would be with him just telling Alex about the existence of this deposition, Alex would have to know that they were interested in talking to Adan since he wrote these articles that are involved in the suit. Yeah, I could possibly see a scenario where a Don was afraid to tell Alex that he was actually going to show up and talk to the lawyers, but outside or something like that. I have a hard time accepting that this didn't come up. Yeah, it's possible, but it's just like, it seems very weird.

Jordan  21:12
I'm gonna throw this out at you. Okay, if I was going to be deposed for anything, and they had like, six books I had to read. And I would be like, Okay, I'm gonna make it through at least a full two or three of these books, right. I've got the time. I've got the work, there's the need to do it. And then maybe I can pass off the other three has been fine, you know. But, uh, Don is only telling me that he skimmed less than 5000 words, right? It's not like the articles are long.

Jordan  21:42
So some of them may be longer than you think. But not that long. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it seems it seems really strange. I mean, you would think that if you really wanted to be an active participant, you would go you'd read the article, you'd figure out like where the information that you were working from came from, at least brush up on some of that. So you can defend your process? Yep. But yeah, you just skim some stuff? Yeah. So Dawn started in April 2012. And as we know, the shooting happened in December 2012. So he was pretty new screen when that happened. Yeah. But before we get to any of that, we've talked about what he was doing before April 2012.

Chris Mattei  22:22
When did you are working for free speech systems?

Adan Salazar  22:27
April 2012. Where were you? I held three jobs. I wrote for textbroker.com. I also was a contractor for Quest Diagnostics. And what was that their job. I was also a Google search engine optimizer, worked for a contractor for noodle called Leap force.

Jordan  23:06
It's somewhat notable that Don began his time at Infowars, only a short time before Sandy Hook occurred. He was a fresh new on the job reporter when the story started, and as you can tell from this resume that Don is giving. He didn't have previous work experience that would make him well prepared for the role that he found himself in Oh, no. The job at Quest is basically a courier position, shuttling samples from hospitals and doctor's office to a central testing facility. The job he had with Textbroker is the sort of thing where he would get paid to write little blurbs for websites sort of a freelance gig thing. Sure, sure. This is where you might go, if you want someone to write a paragraph about a lamp you're selling and you don't want to pay too much. Textbroker is also the sort of place you might go to get filler for a website that's designed for gaming affiliate link systems. To give you some sense of the operation. In their basic category of services, you can choose their low rate option, which has this blurb, this is how it describes that service did they write their own blurb using their service they might have Okay, quote, I accept mistakes in spelling, grammar and expression in favor of a lower price for writing where you could just write what you can just write what random misspelled words, you can make about 1.1 cents per word for that. If you have to pay attention to spelling and grammar you can make up to about like 5.5 cents, all right? To be clear, I'm not knocking the hustle. And there's no shame in this kind of gig. It's just not necessarily the sort of writing work you do. If you had in demand skills in that field, and it's something that maybe isn't a great thing to be like on the resume for the job that he ends up him.

Jordan  24:39
Yeah, I think I think Heinlein got paid 1.1 cents a word at one point, but it was different. It was different currency wise time. Yeah. So I don't think he's on the same level, right? I don't think so.

Jordan  24:50
Hemingway got money subtracted for punctuation.

Jordan  24:54
Yeah, too many commas.

Jordan  24:57
The job at leap force is described here as an SEO subcontractor for Google. More specifically, the company hires people to work at home and do repetitive searches to evaluate the results. Basically, to use this information for better ad placement, it's a pain in the ass kind of job. And you can find tons of reviews about the grind and how it's really only worth doing as a side gig for some extra cash unless you can just turn off your brain. Yeah, there's the people on like Glassdoor talking about this is miserable. Yeah, I mean, no offense to Adan or anybody else working these kinds of jobs. It actually does show quite a bit of initiative for him to have these three gigs running simultaneously. That's, you know, to the impressive gotta hustle. In a certain sense. He's got a hustle. I just don't think it's the kind of resume I'd be incredibly impressed by if I were running a super important media network. And I was looking to hire a reporter slash editor of the news. Yeah, maybe you take a chance on this candidate and you get lucky but a Don's writing a behavior are pretty central to the claims that Infowars was disseminating, that just lost them a billion dollars. So it doesn't seem like this one worked out great.

Jordan  26:00
When I worked at the coupon place. Yeah, right. Testing coupons. That was my whole job is I would go in there and I would test expired coupons. I put the code into a website and I'd click Can you buy and they'd be like, No, and I'd be like, You're goddamn right. No, that was my whole day. Right? Yeah. At no point in time was I like, Okay, now that I've finished this, I'm gonna go work for the tribune as a cub reporter like that wasn't the that's not the jump.

Jordan  26:25
Even let's even go a step further. It's not a cover reporter. No, that's right.

Jordan  26:31
I'm not the Features Editor and Tribune today.

Jordan  26:35
Don will go on to describe like, his role immediately was essentially he could write whatever he wanted, there was no oversight. So like, it's going, it's going from coupon cabin to being to right hand in the newspaper, basically,

Jordan  26:49
while people are while they're reading it to just make it up as you go. It's wild. That is crazy. It's not

Jordan  26:57
best practices. Crazy. Yeah. So now we get to Don's educational background. Okay.

Chris Mattei  27:06
Tell me about your educational background, please.

Adan Salazar  27:09
I went to the University of Texas for about a year and a half. And majored in liberal arts took several English courses there. And I also did have a semester at Austin Community College.

Jordan  27:28
I don't know why you'd even bring up that you did half a semester at a community college. It just confusing. And it sounds like you're saying that you've signed up for some classes and you just didn't finish them. Austin Community College has 16 week semesters, but they also offer some courses that run eight weeks. So it's entirely possible that Adan is expressing that he finished some of those eight week classes. But if that's the case, he should have said I took a few classes at ACC. That makes me think that it's more likely that he signed up and then just didn't finish them. Yeah, yeah. Also, I don't know how it is at all universities. But typically, liberal arts isn't a major, it's sort of a category of majors. You wouldn't be a liberal arts major. No, you'd be within the liberal arts.

Jordan  28:06
I mean, in the in the early year that he did finish, maybe he'd hadn't chosen a specific major. He was just taking the basic courses. Yeah,

Jordan  28:14
they were drawn towards the soft sciences and humanities. Yes. You know, yeah, that's fine. But like, I don't think liberal arts is a major when I was, I didn't go to UT Austin,

Jordan  28:24
I went to community college for a while. And I hated it so much that after the second week, I would drive there to avoid telling my parents that I wasn't going to school. But I would sleep in the parking lot

Jordan  28:37
in the car, in case they put like a load jack on your car.

Jordan  28:41
Just in case. What am I gonna go in and sleep in the class? Now? That's disrespectful. I'm gonna not go to their class and sleep nearby.

Jordan  28:49
That's pretty good. Yeah,

Jordan  28:50
I did not put that on many resumes that smart. I didn't put it on there. Yeah, I

Jordan  28:53
don't know you didn't when I hired you. Yeah, exactly. So I'm a huge fan of education and the academic environment as a whole. But I do try to be as clear as possible that I don't think it's necessary for everyone to partake in, you can be as smart and capable as anyone who went to college without any higher education. And many folks I know, bear that out over here looking at you, but there are so many hyper competent people who never went to college. And those people aren't folks that I would look at and say, Hey, you should take some classes because they're doing just fine. On the other hand, if you don't have any formal education, then find yourself as a highly placed reporter at a propaganda outlet where you argue that grieving families are actors, and you're discussing your educational background in a deposition that about that shitty work that you did. I might think that your lack of training or familiarity with the field that you're in is a problem. And it could have helped if you would have taken some classes. Yeah, yeah. To be perfectly blunt. I don't think that any amount of classes would have helped Don, not that he's dumb or anything, just that I don't think that he's interested in doing the thing that he's doing well, if you have I don't think he needs to get better if you have the

Jordan  29:57
moral framework necessary to do what you're doing now. Oh, yeah, then you're fine. Whether you're an expert at J school or not, you're gonna do what you're

Jordan  30:05
doing. Yeah. You might just need a moment of revelation about yourself. Yeah. As opposed to class. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So by this point in the deposition, we have a sense of what a Don's resume would have probably looked like when he applied to be a writer and editor at Infowars. He had some freelance style writing experience. But beyond that, if he credential he had no experience in media or journalism, and he had no education in the field, but he got hired anyway. And it seems like there might be possibly a reason why. Why didn't

Chris Mattei  30:32
you try the Free Speech systems?

Adan Salazar  30:41
I liked Alex Jones and the message.

Chris Mattei  30:46
Before you ever applied to free speech systems, you were essentially an audience member, correct? Yes,

Jordan  30:54
he was a fan.

Jordan  30:55
I just, you know, every time I learn more about how Infowars operates, I'm like, There's no way. There's just no way.

Jordan  31:02
It's usually a contest. Exactly, I guess that maybe is for more of the On Air folks. You know, that's the because the you know, given the razzle dazzle,

Jordan  31:13
share, it's hard to, it's hard to have an Info Wars contest about writing because there's like, no benchmark. There's no like, Oh, here's good writing. And here's bad writing. You've just got the same

Jordan  31:23
Info Wars essay. Oh, no.

Jordan  31:27
I think I think that's the low rates, not worried about typos in spelling's and character.

Jordan  31:33
I point one cents. Yeah, that's a word. Yeah. So, Maddie asks, What was it about Infowars? That really got you got you interested

Chris Mattei  31:43
in what happened to the Alex Jones Show in the written commentary?

Adan Salazar  31:51
Probably their, you know, their refusal to believe the the narrative behind 911.

Chris Mattei  31:58
Okay. Do you suspect a narrative that the mainstream media had reported concerning 911?

Adan Salazar  32:07
What was that question again?

Chris Mattei  32:08
Do you were you suspicious? I'm sorry. Just let me finish my question. I know you're anticipating what I'm going to say. But did you personally suspect the narrative that the mainstream media had reported concerning 911?

Adan Salazar  32:28
Yeah, so suspicious of it.

Jordan  32:30
So in 20 1211 years after 911, that's a motivating, I guess maybe, you know, whenever he got interested in good years, probably Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So motivating factor, suspicion about 911. And their refusal to accept the mainstream narrative,

Jordan  32:46
what's, what's your what's your career path? Like, if it starts with I thought 911 was an inside job. And then the next step is, I'm the editor@infowars.ca. That's that's a career path.

Jordan  32:59
I saw employment because I was impressed with these people refusing to believe that 911 had his great we're told had his great, you know, yeah. So I appreciate this instinct on Matty's part. And that is to go from this like, Oh, you're suspicious about 911? Why? Yeah. Because in a deposition setting, that can lead to some interesting thing.

Chris Mattei  33:22
In what in particular, were you suspicious of?

Adan Salazar  33:26
I didn't think we were being told the full truth about various parts of that narrative,

Chris Mattei  33:35
like so. Can you go into a little bit more detail about what you thought the gaps were in what the reporting was?

Adan Salazar  33:46
I could, I suppose. I didn't think that the fines should have been able to take down the buildings as they were taken down. Yeah. Seemed like a controlled demolition, which is a lot of people still believe, actually.

Jordan  34:02
Are you one, that was probably the

Adan Salazar  34:04
biggest one, especially when building seven falling and, you know, collapsing controlled demolition style when no plane hit it. So those are the biggest factors.

Chris Mattei  34:16
And the fact that you felt it was implausible that the buildings would have collapsed the way they did cause you to suspect whether the United States government was involved in some way in the attack

Jordan  34:33
injection. Okay, so this this is a really interesting clip, because there's a couple of things happening here. Yeah. The first is really transparent, which is how a conspiracy theorist answers a question. A Don has asked why he was suspicious about 911 But it's a conspiracy he hasn't focused on in a while, so a lot of the talking points are a bit foggy in his memory. So he tries to give a vague non answer, then Maddie asks for something more specific and Adan base Because this guy like it doesn't seem right and building seven as his response, which is pretty soft. Yeah. The second thing is something that will become important later is some of Maddies questions develop. This is something that Adan is suspicious about. He has some inconclusive things to point to that he can use to justify these suspicions. And based on having those suspicions he just testified to Matty that led him to suspect the US government was involved. This provides a clear example of a Don's thought process where he's willing to take things that look weird and make him suspicious and use them to build a baseless explanatory narratives. Hold on to this for later because it will become clear how relevant this is to the matter at hand. And how much of a mistake this was on a Don's part in reflection, yeah, maybe it doesn't, you know, lead to any direct consequences. But if you're analyzing this and looking at the way he describes his process and how he interacts with information, it's very damning. And it will that'll become clear later. Yeah.

Jordan  36:03
I mean, that's it's hard to. I do appreciate one thing about Infowars employees that will never not be hilarious to me is that at some point, doesn't the lawyer have to go in and be like, before you answer the question, look at me to see whether or not I'm going to object? Well, you can't do that in a deposition. It's a different

Jordan  36:28
setting, you still have to answer the question. Unless it's some other kind of objection. But these subtotals are just yeah, you still have to Yeah, you can't say you can't be late. But I think you could just still say like, I don't know or not answer. Sure.

Jordan  36:40
Just always look at your lawyer before your answer. It's not hard, right? Isn't that? That's what I would do. I'd be like,

Jordan  36:48
on his shirt color.

Jordan  36:51
My answer is,

Jordan  36:54
so when Adan got hired, he got some training. Sure, but it wasn't. Yeah, it's not really. It's not really training.

Chris Mattei  37:00
Okay. When you started at Infowars, in April of 2012, did you receive any training of any car?

Adan Salazar  37:09
Just to like learn the back end systems, like WordPress and things of that nature.

Chris Mattei  37:17
Okay. So that training basically involved, you know, learning how to use the software programs that you are going to be using every day as an employee, correct? Yes. Did you receive any training concerning the writing function of your job? No. Did you have

Adan's Lawyer  37:38
objection to form?

Chris Mattei  37:41
Did I ever did you ever receive any training during your tenure at free speech systems concerning the writing function of your job now? Why we've ever received any training during the course of your employment? Concerning investigative journalistic practice?

Jordan  38:01
They train you more like a fast food restaurant? Yeah. Like I remember when I went to I worked at JC Penney's for for a cup of coffee. Yeah. When I was when I was younger, and like there was an entire, like, hours long. Thing about like the corporate culture, the rules and like harassment policy loosely, you had to sit in a room and watch videos, the

Jordan  38:24
very least you had to sign something saying that you understood the rules of

Jordan  38:27
what they told. Yeah, it's, it seems like there's less oversight at Infowars than JC Penney's

Jordan  38:34
and if they if you walked into any newspaper in the world, and they didn't tell you first things first about the quote in house style. They were just like, right away my dude.

Jordan  38:45
Also, I wow, I would say that every single job that I've ever had, at least the first like half a week, maybe even the first week, you're working with somebody else. Yeah, absolutely. That's your your training is shadowing. Yeah. Because you can't be trusted just to do just to know exactly how to do your job. Yeah. And it's wild. That does not seem to be the case here. It

Jordan  39:08
is wild to not receive training on the job you worse ostensibly doing, you know, like they they taught him how to post things on the internet. Through WordPress. Yeah,

Jordan  39:21
that was it. You know what it kind of makes me think of like some temp gigs I've had, yeah, you know, where it's just like, Alright, here's how you enter this data, go do it. I don't give a shit. I got other work to do.

Jordan  39:31
What did he think that first six months, right? He had to have been walking around like, they they know, right? They know. I have no idea what I'm doing. They have to look at me and no, maybe

Jordan  39:42
that's part of the test, though. Like you have the

Jordan  39:45
psychopathic confidence to be like, there's no such thing as imposter syndrome. Zach because I'm the greatest.

Jordan  39:52
Yeah. So you also got no training about like what news to cover

Chris Mattei  39:56
what you understood when you apply to Infowars mistake you would be that you were applying for an editor and writer position. When you first started. It sounds like one of the things that you needed to do is update news items on the infowars.com website, correct? Yes. And what do you mean by update?

Adan Salazar  40:20
Kinda like find news items and republish them on Infowars with a link back to the original source.

Chris Mattei  40:34
Find news items that appear to elsewhere on the internet, and then put a link to that news item on the info wars.com. Website. Correct? And how would you determine which news items to highlight on the info wars.com website?

Adan Salazar  40:55
That was subjective. So basically, whatever I thought would be good on the website.

Chris Mattei  41:02
Did you receive any guidance or training on that in any way?

Jordan  41:06
No, that's wild.

Jordan  41:08
I, I mean,

Jordan  41:11
I know words fail.

Jordan  41:12
I just don't know how

Jordan  41:15
it's so nuts that like you have to think like that can't be true. That can't be true would be

Jordan  41:22
the only place in the world where it could be true. It could be true here, right? And like the opening of a WeWork. You know, like, these are the only two scams where you can pull off having no clue what you're doing and just be like, Yeah, fuck

Jordan  41:35
it. I think the I I'm just making noises. Yeah, no, I don't know how to deal with that information. I would have straight up quit.

Jordan  41:45
So this is a scale. Yeah. This is a scale.

Jordan  41:49
Yeah, I would have just been like this. The least This is trouble. This is a recipe for Yes. Leaving aside anything about the ideology or anything about Infowars a business that runs like this. Like, I don't know, if payroll works like this. What are we doing?

Jordan  42:07
What is going on? Yeah, it is. That is the roommate scam. I'd like that. If I was interviewing for that job. I would view it the same way as the roommate scam, you know, where it's like, Oh, I've got no, no, I've got I'll move in with you and be your roommate. But I need $1,000 upfront to move here. And then I'll give you $2,000 Whatever, or whatever it is, you know, I didn't know about that. Yeah, it's great scam. It works for somebody, but it is it is the job equivalent of that is like hey, man, come on in. You're a new editor. No, I don't believe you for a fucking

Jordan  42:39
second who are trying to make me the CEO and then blame me.

Jordan  42:44
Gotta be Yeah, this I'm the fall guy. Right?

Jordan  42:46
This is a bait and switch here for sure.

Jordan  42:48
Gotta be on the Yeah.

Jordan  42:51
So also, uh, Don didn't need to get anybody's sign off on hosting.

Jordan  42:55
What

Chris Mattei  42:56
before posting news items that you had clipped from other sources? Did you have to get approval from anybody to actually publish?

Adan Salazar  43:09
You should probably and it was like, thanks a little less. It was more loose back in 2012. And now, we've learned our lessons. And we're kind of stricter about what we republish.

Chris Mattei  43:23
And I'll ask you some questions about that. But at the time, at least, you started. You could go to any website, select a news item that you thought your audience might be interested in and publish it to infowars.com. Correct. Yes.

Jordan  43:39
Wild. So the we've learned our lesson thing. Yeah. You think that that's about like, like content like Sandy Hook stuff? No, but it's not. It's he explains later in the clip that I didn't cut that. Basically, there are some websites that are litigious about reader repurposing their content. Yeah, it did sound like he was trained on stealing. Yeah. And so he's like, basically, by trial and error, you learn that, like the AP doesn't like it when you just steal their articles. Right. Right. And so like, you just avoid AP articles right here. That's pretty sad. Like in terms of the lessons you've learned, respecting intellectual property, I guess, I mean, right.

Jordan  44:22
It is. It is analogous to learning about which dumpsters are good to get food from, you know, there's there's definitely certainly something along those lines.

Jordan  44:31
They are nothing if not info record.

Jordan  44:35
We info Skaven in the VOR.

Jordan  44:38
So I think that if you're in a position like Adan you always have to whether you believe it or not put on the front facing facade company line that you are reporting facts. Yes. You're doing factual reporting on the God's work. Yeah.

Chris Mattei  44:54
Do you consider yourself to be reporting facts or do you consider yourself to be You know, writing your opinion? How do you consider the type of writing you're doing?

Adan's Lawyer  45:08
objection to form?

Adan Salazar  45:12
I believe it's probably you write the facts with a maybe like a right leaning slant instead of the left leaning slant the mainstream media portrays.

Chris Mattei  45:21
Okay. So if I understand correctly, in your right, you are reporting facts, but to the extent there's any sort of editorializing of those facts, you put a right leaning slant on them?

Adan Salazar  45:41
Yes. And it's usually Yes, I think so.

Chris Mattei  45:44
And is that, you know, that your audience skews to the right of the political spectrum?

Adan Salazar  45:51
My audience and me, I mean, yes. Reading and writing,

Chris Mattei  45:58
you know, left wing manifestos, your audience, remember what the heck happened? Right.

Adan Salazar  46:03
Right. Yeah. Well, I think the journalistic outfits like the AP and stuff, but they pretend to be objective, that they're not. And we don't pretend to be objective.

Jordan  46:15
I'm sorry, what?

Chris Mattei  46:18
When you say, to be objective, I assume you don't mean that.

Jordan  46:22
You we wear our bias on our sleeve? Sorry. Not really. No, absolutely not Alex's entire brand does. He's above the left right paradigm, the whole thing. The right leaning slant to this is is like absolutely a betrayal of the central premise of Infowars. Yeah, yeah. But also quite obvious. So not, yeah, revelatory. It's just embarrassing. The Adan would phrase it this way. Under oath setting, because Alex probably disagrees.

Jordan  46:50
Yeah, I mean, I'm not right wing. The hard part about these depositions is I always feel like we should really, really, you know, no matter how basic a concept you think you're dealing with, you need to go further and further down, you know, like, just, what do you think a journalist does?

Jordan  47:07
Well, they tried to do that with Kitt. Daniels, right. That didn't go well. That was weird. Yeah. Good point. And to be fair, I think you could probably find some fertile ground in there, right. But this is already four hours long. This deposition. That's true, probably don't need to get down to like first principles. That's true basic core concepts.

Jordan  47:27
I would really like to get down to the very nitty gritty and be like, let's go with a glossary of words, my man

Jordan  47:32
I would love to use. This means there's nobody in the world who would love if like, every one of these depositions was a Ken Burns documentary more than me, naturally, that is what I want. But yeah, can't do it. Other humans have other things to do. And I just said, so Adan gets to talking about his research methods. They're good.

Chris Mattei  47:54
When you are reporting facts to your audience, I take it that it is important for you to accurately report what those facts are correct. And when you're writing about a particular topic, what do you do to educate yourself about the topic and the facts that you're going to convey?

Adan Salazar  48:18
I new research and pretty much read everything I can before I jump into an article.

Chris Mattei  48:26
We're going to the sources of information come from that you read.

Adan Salazar  48:33
And do a Google search on Google News. And also look back at anything that Infowars has written and maybe look at a YouTube video or to try to find, you know, look at various different data points to try to formulate facts and opinions on the subject.

Chris Mattei  48:55
When you are doing research for a piece you're writing, you are doing that research exclusively from internet sources, correct? Yes, yes. Including Infowars own previous material.

Adan Salazar  49:09
Yes,

Jordan  49:10
sir. That's not that doesn't inspire confidence. Wow. My research methods are Googling things. Looking at Infowars articles failed past and maybe some YouTube videos. Yep.

Jordan  49:21
Yep. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, if he weren't if this is the dream, you know, like he's living the dream. Isn't? Isn't that what he's doing? Well, in a certain sense, he doesn't have to do anything, but occasionally Google stuff and then steal it.

Jordan  49:40
I imagine that there's a lot of like, you got to get this out fast, because sure isn't gonna be interesting to people in six hours. Sure. Sure. Sure. You know, some of that is probably a hectic, frustrating schedule.

Jordan  49:52
I'm sure there's emails flying around. Did you see this? Did you see that? Sure.

Jordan  49:56
Yeah. And then I also don't know how much he's getting paid because that doesn't him up. So it could also be 1.1 cents a word. And if that's the case, then maybe this isn't such a good gig. But if he's making as much as some of the other Infowars employees, Leisha,

Jordan  50:09
holy shit, get the fuck out of here. Yeah, yeah, I wouldn't go back to Google Analytics either or whatever it was he was talking to know. Although he didn't even read the these 5000 words that he needed to read for this deposition. What confidence is that gives you that he actually does any fucking research.

Jordan  50:29
This deposition isn't an article that he needs. Very serious.

Jordan  50:33
I read everything I can on Google Now. So he has an

Jordan  50:37
editor now. Right? sort of not really. Okay. He has a copy editor

Chris Mattei  50:43
who reviews your work now before it's published.

Adan Salazar  50:47
I send my work to editor Jamie white. And if he's not there, I'll just I reread it. I'll reread my own work at it myself.

Chris Mattei  51:07
There's never Jamie Why is available he reviews your work. Yes. and for what purposes you review it

Adan Salazar  51:16
typos. Pretty much the end and make sure I got my eyes and T's crossed.

Chris Mattei  51:24
So tiny eyes and T's you referring to like no typographical errors.

Adan Salazar  51:29
Yeah. Or words and stuff? Yes, exactly.

Chris Mattei  51:31
He's essentially just proofreading. Correct? Yeah, proofreading. Okay. Amazing. He's not checking for the accuracy of what you've written.

Adan Salazar  51:43
Technically, no, no,

Jordan  51:45
technically no.

Jordan  51:46
Well, certainly it's technically no, technically no,

Jordan  51:48
there's no way you could say technically they have like a whole conversation

Jordan  51:51
about whether or not anybody has ever done that in his time at Infowars. And he mentioned only one person. It was this guy, McHale Phelan, who isn't with the company anymore. He now writes for The Daily Dot. I don't know what the fuck his deal is. But he has managed to transition out of the Info Wars stink into some somewhat legitimate things actually writing some Yeah,

Jordan  52:14
I bet he has an editor. Yeah,

Jordan  52:16
I don't I don't I don't know what his deal is. But he was there. And apparently, when he was there, he would point out things

Jordan  52:25
like the water he got fired.

Jordan  52:29
But, uh, Don doesn't understand, like that action, right? Like, he experiences it as like, oh, he was just doing that, because he wanted to Yeah, like, it was just, it was just kind of fun for him.

Jordan  52:43
It was like a, you know, we were having a little game between us, I would lie. And he would be like, You can't do this. And I'd be like, Haha, and then

Jordan  52:50
post it, you get the strong sense that he didn't listen to advice that Phelan was given wild. So he can just write about whatever he wants, and apparently has never been told not to write something.

Chris Mattei  53:02
Have you ever been instructed that you couldn't write about a particular topic? No. Have you ever had a request to publish an article turned down?

Adan Salazar  53:14
No, I don't think so.

Jordan  53:16
This is directly contradictory to Alex's entire thing about how he told people not to write about saying, Oh, we're done with this topic. Got it. So that's, that's interesting. And because that, I believe that in that email from Paul, to to bop bop bop Buckley. Yep. It mentions a Don Adan wrote something about this. Yeah. And so he would be the person who was told don't write about that. That would be the only person and so someone someone has their picture wrong. Oh, that's not good. So I don't know how you picture the the workplace environment at Infowars. The kind of like, co worker,

Jordan  53:57
I just after I find out that nobody's even like, does it dawn Salas aren't even live in the country like I did. There's an Austin, right. But I mean, there's no way to know, based on what he's describing of his job, but he could be in fucking South America right now. And nobody would have any different.

Jordan  54:14
I think that's probably part of why like, it's so easy for Paul to have worked their entire time living in England. Yeah. But yeah, the workplace environment seems really cold. And I'm this bums me out

Chris Mattei  54:29
during the course of your employment at Infowars. Has your contact level with Mr. Jones changed at all? No. How often are you in communication with Mr. Jones?

Adan Salazar  54:47
And communication? I would say maybe pass him going to the bathroom or something. Say hi. So once a week or something?

Chris Mattei  54:58
How often are you in communication to him? I'm about the substance of your work and enforce.

Adan Salazar  55:01
seldom if ever.

Jordan  55:04
This is bizarre living

Jordan  55:06
the dream, no boss. I don't need to a cubicle every day.

Jordan  55:11
I mean, he's worked there for a decade.

Jordan  55:17
And Alex still doesn't know his name. Oh my god,

Jordan  55:24
it's it's inconceivable that I don't believe this. If it if that is true. So rude.

Jordan  55:33
Totally, totally. There aren't that many people who work there know, how do you ignore one that close to you? Yeah, that's banana and

Jordan  55:41
somebody who's responsible for eating so much of the content that you use to lie on air? Yeah. Wild. It's it's like that is impersonal to the point of being hostile. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. There's no way to experience that. Except as like, this is a clear rejection. I feel

Jordan  55:59
like I was being iced out or something. He's been there. 10 years. Yeah. And he would feel like, oh, Alex is clearly trying to get rid of me. Wow. And

Jordan  56:08
then it just never happens. I guess you know, you're not in a cubicle and just wait until someone notices you're there.

Jordan  56:14
Yeah. You know, I mean, I can't I go back to the forensic financial analyst, and he's, he's like, a competently run business should have this to this amount of money. And when you hear shit like this, you're like, either they've got an absurd amount of money hidden in gold somewhere, because they are hiding it from everyone. Or this place just doesn't even know where money comes from. Like they just don't.

Jordan  56:39
Yeah, well, they do ever know. Very serious distrust of fiat currencies. Yeah, I don't know. It's a weird, weird picture. And if it wasn't Infowars, it would be like Wonka factory salutely It'd be like everyone's running around like costumes. Like, what the fuck is this blend?

Jordan  56:58
Do you when do you see Alex? Well, occasionally, he calls the entire staff out, we have to put on our elf costumes. And we have to do a little dance for him. And then we go back to work.

Jordan  57:07
I mean, that question wasn't asked could be what happened? You

Jordan  57:11
have to wear a little dance a dance?

Jordan  57:12
You never know. So we finally get to Sandy Hook coming up. And the question that's supposed is when did you find out about the shooting?

Chris Mattei  57:25
Mr. Salazar, do you recall how you first learned about the Sandy Hook shooting?

Adan Salazar  57:35
I believe it was at work when it happened. So it was kind of playing everywhere. CNN, the break room, then it was everywhere on the internet.

Chris Mattei  57:48
And so given your job as a writer, I take it that you started following that coverage very closely as soon as it broke. Yes. And you knew immediately that the Sandy Hook shooting was going to be a subject of Infowars reporting? Correct?

Adan Salazar  58:03
I didn't know that immediately. Now.

Chris Mattei  58:06
You weren't able to immediately do intuit that this was going to be a major news story that Infowars was going to cover

Adan Salazar  58:12
objection. No, I didn't immediately realize that now. until days after and what came after the news. So at that time, like two days after the event happened, I was like, Okay, this is this is a big news of it.

Jordan  58:29
Now, this is something to keep an eye on here, because Adan is testifying that like in this first month, he was unaware of an intent to cover the shooting at Sandy Hook as being fake. And that timeline is going to be in trouble. Yeah. As information is revealed. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, your response to that is, I think, very appropriate. Like it's very bizarre to imagine that you could see this shooting happened. You work at Infowars. You know, how they've covered shootings in the past. You were there for Aurora, which just happened? pretty recently. Yeah. And like a couple of days later, you realize, oh, this is a big story. What

Jordan  59:04
I mean, very weird. Either he's lying, or he's insane. Like, there's no other way.

Jordan  59:10
I think it's lying, or just trying to give a softer appearance to

Jordan  59:15
Yeah, like, we weren't taking this as seriously as we could or maybe thought we would have something along those lines. But there's no way

Jordan  59:24
you don't want to give the impression that you're like seeing this and getting excited for the coverage there. Yeah, so I can understand how that isn't the perception you would want to give like, I saw this and I immediately knew this was going to lead the news, right?

Jordan  59:37
Okay, fine. Wow, whatever. There's gonna be a problem. Yeah, but

Jordan  59:41
a couple of days. I would I would even be like, Oh, it was a few hours afterwards. It was when I realized it was going to be what it was a couple of days makes you sound like you're hiding underneath rocks.

Jordan  59:53
True and like this, like the timeline is just completely fucked.

Chris Mattei  59:56
You say then, about two days after the event is when You first realized that you would be writing about Sandy Hook Correct.

Adan Salazar  1:00:07
I didn't think I'd be writing about it yet. I, I was looking at a different anomalies and stuff. So I hadn't really like, put my foot down that I'd be writing about it yet. So I think the first time I did was when I heard the Halbig interview, which was I don't think it was immediately after the shooting.

Jordan  1:00:26
No, it was in 2014. Yeah. So there was a interview that Hallberg did. And we'll talk about that a little more later with the American free press. And that was in like, February, I think. I think it was February, maybe not, maybe December. Now. I don't know it wasn't 2014. Two days, two years, same bit. Same difference, right. And so Adan wrote an article about Wolfgang's interview, and that is true. But that amount of time is a like that. If you're pitching that as your timeline, that until 2014, right? I didn't know it was gonna be writing about this damn thing is a big story. That is outrageous. And you don't want this to be like the sort of the foundation that you're laying in terms of explaining what happened in the deposition setting. Because yeah, you're gonna directly contradict yourself repeatedly.

Jordan  1:01:17
You know, that authority experiment where, you know, they've got somebody in the doctor's like, press the button. Yeah, that whole thing. Like, this is one of the few situations where if you did that experience, here is that experiment here. It'd be like five minutes max, press the button every time he lies in there, like it's gonna get, it's gonna get larger, and he's gonna he might die on this one. And you're like, listen, I think I know how electricity works, buddy. Press that button.

Jordan  1:01:43
I mean, look, I don't know any. I don't know. I don't know if that's one of those experiments. That has been debunked. Yeah.

Jordan  1:01:50
I know, the Prison Experiment. Was that one, two bugs

Jordan  1:01:53
more or less? Yeah, problems with it. But leaving all that aside? Yeah. There is such a frustrating way, the path that this goes down, like is like Adan is such a bad stone wall. There is. It's Oh, I will get to it. Okay, it is so frustrating. All right. Well, you need to know for now is that after the shooting, but I thought it was real.

Chris Mattei  1:02:20
I'm just trying to understand, you know, in the immediate aftermath, what your perspective was? Good. No, no, please.

Adan Salazar  1:02:31
I was gonna say in the immediate aftermath. My perspective was a school shooting happened. So I was on board with the shooting.

Chris Mattei  1:02:41
I'm sorry, what when you say on board, in the immediate aftermath that let's and let's try and time this out. Within two days of the shooting. It was your own view at that time that children and educators were killed at Sandy Hook, correct? Yes,

Jordan  1:02:59
I would have phrased that differently. But yeah,

Jordan  1:03:01
I was what it is. I was like, I'm on board with this shooting. Man, strange. Mehdi almost even gave him a chance to rephrase it. He gave you another go at it, man.

Jordan  1:03:12
So Adan. His perspective on this is like he was only gonna report on sandy hook if there were anomalies.

Jordan  1:03:18
Sure.

Chris Mattei  1:03:19
I take it from your testimony earlier that you anticipated that you would likely only write about it. To the extent you thought that there were anomalies associated with the shooting, worth writing about right.

Adan Salazar  1:03:38
Something that I found interesting, and I thought would the readership would find interesting, yes. And that

Chris Mattei  1:03:44
eventually happened. Correct where you felt that you wanted to report on anomalies around Sandy Hook, because you found them interesting. And you thought the audience would find them? Interesting, correct?

Adan Salazar  1:03:57
Yes, yes.

Jordan  1:03:58
So we come to this idea of anomaly. And it's one of the words that Alex uses to sort of rationalize a lot of his coverage. But it is kind of a vague term. There isn't really a concrete definition of this. And so in order to move forward, we try to get a definition of what is an anomaly.

Jordan  1:04:18
That's a great idea. Yeah,

Jordan  1:04:19
it's helpful. Yeah,

Chris Mattei  1:04:20
we're talking about anomalies. I just want to go back. Can you give me your definition of anomaly?

Adan Salazar  1:04:28
Let me something that doesn't really jive with the story.

Chris Mattei  1:04:35
So some facts that you believe exists that calls into question. Other facts surrounding the shooting? Correct? Objection.

Adan Salazar  1:04:47
Why are you objecting? Something that calls into question anything else? It's just something peculiar or odd that you really don't know what it's what it is, what its purpose is, like I said, until you have more pieces Okay.

Chris Mattei  1:05:00
And in considering those anomalies when it came time to report on them, I take it that it was important to you for anything you published concerning Sandy Hook to be true and accurate, correct?

Adan Salazar  1:05:16
Yes. To the best of my knowledge.

Chris Mattei  1:05:19
Right. And you'd agree with me that the shooting of 20 children and six educators is a horrible atrocity, correct? Yes, sir. And so if you're going to be recording facts about that situation, it's incredibly important to you that they be accurate, correct? Yes. And your audience relies on you to provide them with truthful and accurate information, correct? Yes, sir. And you understood at the time of the Sandy Hook shooting, and your coverage of that shooting, that the Infowars audience included millions of people across different platforms, correct. Yes. And so you considered it a tremendous responsibility of yours, to make sure that they were well and accurately informed. Correct? Objection.

Adan Salazar  1:06:15
Yes, I would say so.

Chris Mattei  1:06:16
You take that responsibility. Seriously, don't you? Yes. And so it was important to you that the sources of information you had concerning Sandy Hook be credible, correct? Yeah, yes.

Jordan  1:06:32
So Don has repeatedly now said yes, I take this very seriously. It's very important to me that the facts and we're informing Yeah, and that's fun. But yeah, we have sort of vague and definition of anomaly, but at least it's something you can kind of work

Jordan  1:06:47
with, right. I was surprised that the lawyer objected to Maddie. really doing a really good job of rephrasing anomaly is something that doesn't jive.

Jordan  1:06:58
doesn't jive with the story.

Jordan  1:07:00
Appreciate as I appreciate his dictionary anomalies, doesn't jive anteater groovy Tong. Like, I like the way this man thinks. Yeah, he's got it, ah,

Jordan  1:07:13
Don calls, Maddie daddio. Later,

Jordan  1:07:17
smokes a jazz cigarette in between.

Jordan  1:07:20
So there's a phenomenon called, you know, motivated reasoning wherein you try and create an argument for something based on a conclusion that you already had you go looking for information check use to come to confirmation bias to find information that supports your conclusion that we're going to have already. Now, this conversation, the here with Adan, and how he was approaching questioning, The shooting has some of the hallmarks of that you might think,

Chris Mattei  1:07:50
okay, and the immediate aftermath, and I'm talking about when I say immediate aftermath of the Sandy Hook shooting. Let's talk about a month. Okay. So, December 14 2012, to January 14 2013. You with me? During that period, did you develop a concern that the shooting at Sandy Hook could be used as a pretext for gun confiscation legislation?

Adan Salazar  1:08:27
I'm not sure if it was specifically gun confiscation, but yeah, it was going to be used to curtail gun rights, I believe. Yes.

Chris Mattei  1:08:37
That was a concern you developed within the month after the shooting, that the fact of the shooting could be used as a pretext for curtailing gun rights, correct. Yes. And without a concern to your knowledge that Alex Jones shared?

Adan Salazar  1:08:57
I believe so. Yeah. Maybe if you go back and see some of the episodes following the incident. And Alex might have been mentioning that concern. I can't recall that it was a specific concern or not, but there might have been,

Chris Mattei  1:09:12
was that a principle reason that it was important to you to question whether or not the shooting in fact occurred?

Adan Salazar  1:09:24
Yeah, that was one of the one of several reasons Yeah.

Chris Mattei  1:09:28
And what were some of the others.

Adan Salazar  1:09:31
Just trying to keep the media honest, and, you know, trying to sift through actual news and not fake news.

Jordan  1:09:39
That is a shocking admission. That I can't, I can't understand how Adan wouldn't recognize what he just said. He said that principally one of the reasons it was important for him to question whether or not Sandy Hook happened was because he was worried they were going to use it to take guns right That has nothing to do with the reality or falsity of an event. No, that is a fucked up thought process.

Jordan  1:10:08
Right. So here's what I thought, Okay. I thought that people would exploit this tragedy to pass gun grabbing legislation. Right? So I went out and I looked for the truth, you know, and everybody who said that it wasn't I called fake news and everybody who said that it was I called True news. So obviously, it's true, my man, right?

Jordan  1:10:30
I mean, he's thinking about it this way that, you know, you're worried about them exploiting this tragedy in order to push a political goal that you are opposed to right, instead of supporting the political point that you are in favor of right and engaging in the argument about it, wherein people are like, Hey, there's this school shooting, we should probably get better gun regulations in place and common sense reform, right, instead of responding to that with like, Well, no, I don't believe that that is an appropriate thing to do. And here are the reasons why Sure, instead, you're like, well, they wouldn't have any argument if the shooting didn't happen. So maybe I should try and prove that. Or maybe I should try and get people to insist that because that's a shortcut that I don't have to make my argument. Right. Right. And that's basically the way you could interpret what Adan is saying. And obviously, on some level, I am fully aware that this is part of a total sort of ideological and information model. Yeah. But to hear a don not trying to mask that in some way. Is very shocking. And it's it strikes me as somebody who doesn't realize what he's saying.

Jordan  1:11:41
Yeah. I mean, how do you say it out loud? Yeah. Because you'd hear it then you'd hear it spoken into the world. You know, maybe he's got one of those

Jordan  1:11:49
lawyer didn't just like, throw down? Yeah.

Jordan  1:11:54
Yeah, 100% it's,

Jordan  1:11:56
that's a that's a revelatory thing.

Jordan  1:11:58
The lawyers should have a shot caller for these people. Like that is an insane thing to say. How can you say that out loud and not be like, Oh, I get where we went wrong now. Thanks, guys. Listen, we had a great deposition. I'm when the 100% into the wrong whatever it is, you say is true.

Jordan  1:12:16
I'm gonna get out of here. I'm supposed to give the presentation that we're just looking for the truth and asking hard questions that no one else will and right, exposing cover ups, in short, have you know, you're just trying to take shortcuts and push your political agenda in a different way? Because you know, that if you did it on the merits, no one would be interested.

Jordan  1:12:39
Right, right. If I argued with you about the thing you want to argue about, I would lose because you're right, right, wrong. Yep. So instead, what if I pretended that you don't exist and neither does anybody else? And it's just me and everything? I think it's true.

Jordan  1:12:51
Yeah. So that's good. Yep.

Jordan  1:12:53
Good way to live

Jordan  1:12:55
the day of the shooting or the round there within the 24 hours ish timeframe. Don got an email. And this is an email where we get an appearance from an old friend of ours likes to hide in the bushes. Oh, no, no, the guy Oh, Batman. That's the guy. Oh

Jordan  1:13:10
boy. John Rapoport hanging up that picture. Rappaport? He

Jordan  1:13:14
has sent an email to John Brown, who then has forwarded to Don Salas. Okay,

Chris Mattei  1:13:21
exhibit number one, it should be coming up on your screen. Do you see an email before you? Mr. Salazar, in the from line is Jonathon? john@infowars.com. To you? Oh, yes. And do you see the date that that this is Mr. Whoever Jonathan is in your testimony is that you don't know who that is?

Adan Salazar  1:13:48
That's probably John Bowden. How do you spell his last name? Bo wn II

Chris Mattei  1:13:55
and who is that?

Adan Salazar  1:13:56
He's a video producer.

Chris Mattei  1:13:59
Is he still there?

Adan Salazar  1:14:02
I think he works off site but I think he's still employed by free speech.

Chris Mattei  1:14:07
And you Mr. Rapoport was at the time Correct.

Adan Salazar  1:14:13
That's fair, barely becoming familiar with him. Yeah, it's my first year there.

Chris Mattei  1:14:17
Okay. And and Mr. Baum is forwarding you an email and an attached document that he received from Mr. Rapoport. On the day of the shooting Correct.

Adan Salazar  1:14:31
That appears so yes.

Chris Mattei  1:14:33
And if we scroll down the document that was attached to the email is dated December 15 2012. And it says here come the grief counselors over the hill pouring into Newtown Connecticut. Do you recall reading this piece by Mr. Rapoport? No. Okay. Do you have any interest As you sit here today without going through it what it says no, no. Do you have an understanding of what Mr. Rapoport view was concerning the Sandy Hook shooting in the immediate aftermath?

Adan Salazar  1:15:16
No, I don't know what Mr. Rob Ford's view

Chris Mattei  1:15:22
you know, what is the bounce? Did you this email?

Adan Salazar  1:15:26
Because he thought it was interesting and thought I might find it interesting maybe to republish.

Chris Mattei  1:15:32
And you know, this was republished by infowars.com

Adan Salazar  1:15:38
I don't know. It's

Jordan  1:15:39
a little weird. It's a little weird. I mean, Rapoport, unhinged weirdos. Like the idea that he's writing blogs questioning Sandy Hook the day of or the next day

Jordan  1:15:50
regular? Yeah, that's yeah, for the course.

Jordan  1:15:53
But the idea that John Bowden has found this and thought, hey, you know, who will enjoy this? Uh, Don Salazar? Yep. That is a little weird. It definitely, if someone were to email me that Sure. I would take offense. Yeah.

Jordan  1:16:10
That would be that they would, that'd be a problem.

Jordan  1:16:12
There's something about Adan that people know. It's totally cool to send him weird shit about Sandy Hook.

Jordan  1:16:18
Yeah, man. I just feel like if I were in being deposed by anyone, and they asked me a question, and I gave my response, and then they were like, Okay, can we do you see this on your screen point to exhibit one, my first response would be like, fuck, something went wrong with my answer. How does that not your response? Like the moment they go? Did you say this? Bring this up? You'd be like, well, obviously, I didn't say that. Now. Now, I know that I didn't know that just a moment ago. Oh, no. Yes, something

Jordan  1:16:53
done, he sticks to his guns and is presenting the idea that he did not know immediate aftermath that they were going to cover it up as if it were really

Jordan  1:17:04
trying. They're really trying in the

Chris Mattei  1:17:06
immediate aftermath of the of the shooting, that is the month following the shooting. Is it fair to say that you understood that your coverage was going to frame Sandy Hook as a staged event?

Adan Salazar  1:17:23
Wouldn't say, I didn't know that in the immediate aftermath now.

Chris Mattei  1:17:27
So your testing was that in that first month? It was not your you were not aware at that time, or you did not have a view at that time. That Infowars coverage of the event would frame it as a staged event.

Adan Salazar  1:17:44
Correct? Yes.

Jordan  1:17:45
So that is important in as much as we've now sort of laid the framework of what we're talking about when you say the immediate aftermath. Yeah, we're talking about that month. Yeah. And I think that's helpful. Yeah, it'll believe it on here.

Jordan  1:17:58
But I'm gonna throw I'm gonna throw this out there. Sure. A dawn earlier in the deposition says, Why did I join Infowars? Ah, ha 911 was an inside job. Right. So your very first moment of joining Infowars is tirely. Yeah, it's based entirely around something being a false flag. Drew, you knew exactly how they were going to

Jordan  1:18:22
know that they're the False Flag. Flag people. Yeah, they're the one stop shop for flagger. Yeah, yeah. And I mean, you've just done Aurora. Yeah. Like they have just done all of their coverage about how that was fake. And you were

Jordan  1:18:36
listening. Well, you know, no, you're working there. Oh, yeah, exactly. Yeah, that's right. That was Oh, my God. Yeah.

Jordan  1:18:43
So I it's a little bit tough pill to swallow. Yeah, I'm not gonna buy that one aim, especially because, you know, obviously, he said that the interest they would have in reporting on this is based on seeing anomalies course. And he started to see anomalies pretty fast. Now,

Chris Mattei  1:18:59
in the immediate aftermath of the shooting. Am I correct that you did become aware of what you consider to be certain anomalies? Fair to say? Yes. Okay. How is it that you became aware of those anomalies? What did you do to discover that objection?

Adan Salazar  1:19:19
I'm not sure if I received tips on emails or found videos on YouTube, but it was maybe a combination of the two.

Chris Mattei  1:19:26
In order to find videos on YouTube, you would have to search for something that you were looking for correct?

Adan Salazar  1:19:32
Or a link is provided somehow by a social media or email.

Chris Mattei  1:19:38
Okay. Do you recall doing any affirmative work on your own to search YouTube or any other sites for anomalies?

Adan Salazar  1:19:47
No, I didn't start with the site. I was probably provided with links to videos about it.

Chris Mattei  1:19:53
And you think those links may have come either through you viewing social media or through the writers email correct

Adan Salazar  1:20:03
right or on Reddit? Yeah various various places you can find links to YouTube Yes.

Chris Mattei  1:20:08
Were you looking for those things?

Adan Salazar  1:20:12
I wouldn't say I was looking for them

Adan Salazar  1:20:13
now. Okay,

Jordan  1:20:14
everything just fell into my lap man all this information but these anomalies just kept popping up I was doing even looking for him they just thought I don't know where tips yeah social media

Jordan  1:20:24
I think this

Jordan  1:20:25
is Who am I did not follow the story.

Jordan  1:20:27
This is the first this is the only episode I think that of our show where if you just put Liz in my chair based on his descriptions of her job she would be making she would be screaming I can't imagine

Jordan  1:20:41
anybody who works in media or journalism hearing this and being like I will

Jordan  1:20:46
kill this world and nothing means anything anymore

Jordan  1:20:50
right I've heard my hero many people who have worked so hard and just on the in the trenches grinding for one

Jordan  1:20:57
story right but some research they've got people who actually go out there fact checkers who rip rip everything, everything. Yeah,

Jordan  1:21:06
or even people who do like a lot of the behind the scenes, facilitates good journalism, that stuff that I just kind of like I don't know.

Jordan  1:21:15
If somebody emailed me emails on Reddit, I don't know they'll be a link so I get paid six figures.

Jordan  1:21:22
But there's also emails that come in. That's true like from Rapoport naturally or this other email from Rappaport. Oh,

Chris Mattei  1:21:29
you see that? This is an eight page document. And Page One is an email from Jonathan to you with an indication that there is a attachment entitled Adam Lanza mask. Yes, let's see that. And you see that the email from Jonathan is a forwarded email again from Mr. Rapoport.

Adan Salazar  1:21:52
Looks like it was sent from John Robb report to John Brown and then John Brown forwarded to me.

Chris Mattei  1:21:57
Correct. And the date that Mr. Brown received it or I'm sorry, the date that Mr. Rapoport sent it to. Mr. Ballard was December 16 2012. Correct. I see that. Yes. Okay. that would that would have been two days after the shooting?

Adan Salazar  1:22:15
I believe so. Yes. And if you

Chris Mattei  1:22:16
scroll down in the document, again, similar to the last email we looked at there is an attachment with a written piece that appears to be authored by Mr. Rapoport. Correct? Yes, sir. And the title is to movies to mass murders.

Adan Salazar  1:22:35
Yes, I see that

Chris Mattei  1:22:37
with a subtitle that says The Dark Knight Rises in The Hunger Games.

Adan Salazar  1:22:43
Okay, yeah. Correct. It doesn't look like it's the subtitle. It looks like it's the lead sentence in this.

Jordan  1:22:49
Okay. Okay. All right, fine. So Rapoport has sent this to John Brown. And again, it seems like there's sort of a tunnel sort of pipeline. Developed clear pipeline. Yeah. I mean, like, the first one that John bounce sends me and maybe if I'm not interested, I say don't send me shit like that. Yeah. Weird. There's another one like,

Jordan  1:23:10
the next day kind of sounds like maybe this happens regularly. Yeah. But look.

Jordan  1:23:15
Tom doesn't know if he actually even read this.

Chris Mattei  1:23:18
Okay, I'm not sure if this fair to say, right. Yes. You eventually did develop an interest in the nexus between the movie The Dark Knight Rises and the Sandy Hook shooting,

Adan Salazar  1:23:30
correct? Yes, that was an interesting, yes.

Chris Mattei  1:23:34
And it's possible that that interest may have been sparked by this particular piece, which I can scroll down draws a connection between the Batman movie, The Aurora shooting and Sandy Hook. My question to you is, it's possible that this particular email which you received sparked your interest in the nexus between the movie The Dark Knight Rises and Sandy of the Sandy Hook shooting Correct?

Adan Salazar  1:24:10
as possible. I can't say for sure. I don't know if I read this article at the time.

Chris Mattei  1:24:14
But in any event, it appears that you received this email shortly after the shooting Correct? Yes,

Jordan  1:24:21
it's honestly too bad for a dawn that he didn't read this article because if he had he could defend himself here. The conspiracy the dawn spread about Sandy Hook and Batman had to do with a name Sandy Hook appearing on the map in the movie Dark Knight Rises. That was an article Rappaport wrote on December 18, but the one from the 16th, which has been discussed here since it was forwarded to a dawn is actually about something else. The Batman part of this has to do with the Aurora shooting happening at a screening of Batman and the theories about James Holmes thinking he was the Joker. And this article Sandy Hook relates to the Hunger Games. I'm just going to read you here. Some of John Rapoport brilliant work. Oh please. quote, we now have the boggling connection to the Hunger Games, and that sci fi novel and film 24 Children are picked to take part in a competitive national blood sacrifice killing ritual. One child survives at the end and 23 Die 20 died in Newtown and the author of The Hunger Games Suzanne Collins lives in Sandy Hook Next, a new town. And this means this is just the kind of bizarre and insane ops secret societies are reputed to enjoy. Ordinarily, I would ignore this sort of thing and just call it a coincidence, but it's too improbable. I can't prove the killings in New Town were part of a kind of up, but I can't disregard it either. The quote coincidence is just too stunning. And if the Hunger Games connection is real here, then all bets are off. The coincidence that Rappaport finds too stunning is that Suzanne Collins lives nearby and the number of children who are killed in The Hunger Games that doesn't match the number of dead at Sandy Hook, but it's kind of close plus

Jordan  1:25:58
or minus five. Yeah, it's minus five there's there's a margin of

Jordan  1:26:02
error. Yeah, this is the kind of dumb shit that Rappaport was writing two days after the shooting that John Baum thought it was worth sending to a Don who I almost guaranteed did read it. He may think it's in his best interest to not know anything about the article in this deposition. But the idea that he wasn't interested in this. It just flies right. Yeah, everything I've been able to tell about him from his work far more meticulous.

Jordan  1:26:25
I mean, like out here. I think I would have made it two sentences into that email before I want to throw my computer out the window. I'd have been like get this away from me. I think the computer is scary now or

Jordan  1:26:34
I would have told John Baum to stop sending me bullshit. It says John Rapoport on it I'm not interested. How about Thank you. Yeah,

Jordan  1:26:41
thank you pass.

Jordan  1:26:42
Yeah, do better bound.

Jordan  1:26:44
Where's they lit up? Let's get him back.

Jordan  1:26:47
So uh, done. He apparently is not only a receiver of emails, the sender of emails. He sent an email to Melissa Melton, who was a former employee of Infowars on December 19, that's a little interesting.

Chris Mattei  1:27:00
Do you have this email before you serve which is an email from you to Melissa Melton on December 19 2012. I see that here. Who is Melissa Melton

Adan Salazar  1:27:14
she was a previous employee.

Chris Mattei  1:27:17
What was her role in in force at the time?

Adan Salazar  1:27:21
video producers slash I guess she wrote some articles so she was a partial letter

Chris Mattei  1:27:30
can you read the subject line please.

Adan Salazar  1:27:33
Says forward Connecticut police radio purple ban masked men one dressed as none

Chris Mattei  1:27:41
and can you read the text that you emailed to miss Melton

Adan Salazar  1:27:46
look at this sent in from a reader done Have you caught the show that day but a caller said a nun gained entry to the school

Chris Mattei  1:27:55
and why did you share that information with Miss Melton

Adan Salazar  1:28:00
it looks like I was going up for the email before well rec which probably interested in the anomalies.

Chris Mattei  1:28:14
So you were sending this to miss Melton because you were interested in the possibility that someone dressed as a nun had gained entry to the school on the day of the shooting.

Adan Salazar  1:28:27
More of you're sharing a weird, weird tale here.

Jordan  1:28:32
It's a weird it's a weird tale.

Jordan  1:28:35
I mean, sure. I thought it was true. But then when you said it out loud back to me now I think it was a weird tale. It's a weird tale weird tale like

Jordan  1:28:42
that publication where Lovecrafts stories were originally published submitted

Jordan  1:28:47
to the secret society.

Jordan  1:28:51
Okay, so you sent a weird tale to Melissa Melton about a nun, someone dressed as a non gaining access to the school. Obviously, this is because there was another shooter. And that same day something else happened at Infowars.

Chris Mattei  1:29:05
This exhibit does appear to you, Mr. Salazar to be a headline in the text of an article that was published on infowars.com on December 19 2012. Yes, this is the article earlier that I believe you attributed to a particular staffer. Aaron dikes Correct.

Adan Salazar  1:29:32
Yeah, I think it was he that read this document.

Chris Mattei  1:29:36
Were you aware of this article at the time it was published?

Adan Salazar  1:29:40
Only when it went up on the website I was aware of when the readers were

Chris Mattei  1:29:44
and you read it.

Jordan  1:29:48
Pretty sure I did. So here's something that Maddie might not know or just isn't bringing up that makes this all a bit suspicious. These Pat these two clips that we just heard on the same day. December 19. Adan is emailing Melissa Melton about a sandy hook conspiracy theory and Aaron dikes is posting this article defaming Robbie Parker. That connective tissue that's missing is that Erin dikes and Melissa Melton were a couple they ended up leaving Infowars together and they started their own outlet called Truthstream media and now we've spoken pretty poorly about Alex but are still lunatic conspiracy theorists. They're married now and Melissa is taken on Aaron surname it seems difficult for me to imagine that you have Aaron actively posting the Sandy Hook conspiracy shit and to Don emailing his girlfriend other Sandy Hook conspiracy shit. And that doesn't translate to a group of people intensely interested in Sandy Hook conspiracy shit. Yeah, that's that, to me is something that doesn't doesn't pass the smell test,

Jordan  1:30:46
I used to be pretty good at pool I used to be pretty good at pool at one time, I was watching these two really, really good hustlers who accidentally wound up playing against each other like they fucked up. And they were they were so good. Like, after the first couple of games, they realized what was going on. And then they would just move so fast. It'd be like they if there were four balls left on the table that they think you could run those out. They just rip them off the table and be like, next game next game like that. If, if we were in this kind of high level situation, I think Don would have been like, Alright, you got me on this one. Next questions. Let's go. Next one, we'll swipe these off the table. I'm gonna punt. You've won. You've won this one. I gotta play the next game, though. I'm down a lot of money.

Jordan  1:31:31
Yeah, yeah. I think that I would be very interested in that piece of information being brought as a rebuttal. Yeah. You know, there are a couple, right, these people that you're communicating with on the same day? Yeah. About conspiracy theories about Sandy Hook. Right? Yes. And Don doesn't necessarily have like a concrete proof that he was talking to Aaron dikes about his share article about Robbie Parker. But how many writers are there at the time? Not many, they all work in the same office, right? Like I find it on? Unbelievable, that the two of them wouldn't have been at least in some kind of contact. I would

Jordan  1:32:05
go so far as to call that an anomaly. It is anomalous. Should that be the case? That's anomalous. Ironically,

Jordan  1:32:13
it sort of has the hint of a conspiracy.

Jordan  1:32:17
Listen, I'll tell you what, that's a fact. That doesn't jive. That's the truth.

Jordan  1:32:21
So and also some Paul, Joseph Watson an email looking for tips on how to save a good conspiracy article he was writing.

Chris Mattei  1:32:30
Before you serve. From you to Paul Joseph Watson. Yeah, I see that. Okay.

Jordan  1:32:39
balls off the table. Next question. You got me?

Adan Salazar  1:32:43
All the time. Can you look, can you take a look at the article I have pending? Publishing on the back end of Infowars. I did a little bit of research into the Sandy Hook. Batman coincidence, and I've come to the conclusion that Sandy Hook was substituted for another name on the map. Maybe you've got some tips or something you'd like to add? Or think as you mentioned, to the article, or better Atlantic's?

Chris Mattei  1:33:07
Do you have the article that you were referencing?

Adan Salazar  1:33:12
I think it's the one about Sandy Hook maps and stuff. I mean, Batman maps? Yeah.

Chris Mattei  1:33:18
This is an article that you wrote, in which you reported that a map that appears in the movie, The Dark Knight Rises, had a location that had been changed. From South Hinckley to Sandy Hook, correct? Yes. You know, a call back to you on this.

Adan Salazar  1:33:41
I don't think he did. He wasn't as interested in this story.

Jordan  1:33:45
of you were pretty interested in this. Yeah. That's revealing. I mean, we already knew that Paul wasn't down with this shit. But like, for you to say he wasn't as interested in it as I was. Not gonna lie is like a real interest on your part, which doesn't look great. Yeah. So this is about December 20. Right. Now, here's where things got a little bit confusing for me, because there was an article posted on the seventh teeth on Infowars. About the map in The Dark Knight Rises, right. And then there's another article, that's an update of it. That's the one that Don is talking about. Right? Leave? Okay. I'm not sure if he wrote the original one on the 17th. Because they both have infowars.com as the writer. Sure. Sure. No attribution, right. But he's said that he wrote the one. And obviously he's emailing Paul about it. Yeah, of course. That one. Yeah. Presumably, I would think he wrote the first one too, but who knows? Yeah,

Jordan  1:34:44
I mean, that could have been just a fuck, they could have stolen that one too. Who knows?

Jordan  1:34:48
Can't nail it down. Yeah, who knows? Yep. Oh, we do know is that when it did get published the 20th one, someone else got a little update about that. Oh,

Chris Mattei  1:34:58
this is an email from you. To the Drudge Report Correct?

Adan Salazar  1:35:02
Oh, no. Yes, dreaded Drudge Report.

Chris Mattei  1:35:05
And the subject line that you wrote was bizarre Sandy Hook Dark Knight Rises connection, correct? Yes. And you wrote Info Wars has exposed that a section of Gotham City was renamed Sandy Hook in the latest Dark Knight release. And you include a link to the story, correct? Yes. That was a story that

Adan Salazar  1:35:29
you wrote. That one, I believe. Yes.

Chris Mattei  1:35:33
And that story was written and published six days after the Sandy Hook shooting, correct? Yes. Okay. And you then asked drudge will help us spread the news of this very strange coincidence, correct?

Jordan  1:35:47
Yes. So at this point, we have at very least Infowars as a story about this Batman thing. Three days after the attack, yeah. Then six days after the shooting. There's another one that Adan has written now he's trying to enlist the Drudge Report to disseminate it more widely. The argument that like, they weren't pushing a lot of this stuff, and they weren't responsible for the spread of it, especially in the early days, it flows very out the window in terms of the size of the reach that Infowars has, at this time. They're active courting of Drudge the largest link aggregator in the right wing. Maybe all

Jordan  1:36:28
of Yeah, at the time. It was like the biggest one. Yeah.

Jordan  1:36:32
The internet. And so that, to me, is like really damning. That email is pretty. It's a bad look. Yeah,

Jordan  1:36:38
yeah. I could not be deposed this way. If you listen to the video of me to being deposed. If this was me, it would just be like, Oh, read. Oh, come on. I know I sent it,

Jordan  1:36:54
you know, this fucked up because it's not like an interrogation where you can just confess.

Jordan  1:37:00
You can't just be like, I did it. Yeah, let's just move on. Trial fast. Let's make it over. charge you.

Jordan  1:37:08
No, no, no, we have more questions.

Jordan  1:37:10
Oh, no. Can we be done? Can I just go to jail instead of talk to you anymore?

Jordan  1:37:16
The reason that this is something that would be interesting to Adan Salazar. Now, you might imagine that the obvious answer is because if somebody who worked on Batman that had already come out, right had changed the name of this place on the map to Sandy Hook as some kind of a message. And then later Sandy Hook happens. Yep, it would lead one to think maybe they did that as a message. There's this whole idea of predictive programming that is really big and Alex's coverage of stuff. So the argument here, the shorthand is very clear that it's trying to argue for for knowledge, there's no other way to unless you're Adan, you could argue that it's not

Jordan  1:38:00
if you're gonna argue that there was a psychic power.

Jordan  1:38:02
No. Just a coincidence, ma'am. Oh, well, then yeah.

Chris Mattei  1:38:06
Yes, Mr. Salazar that the reason you were reporting on this is because the fact that a map location in The Dark Knight Rises had been changed to Sandy Hook caused you to suspect whether there had been some sort of advanced knowledge by somebody that the Sandy Hook shooting was going to take place, correct? Objection.

Adan Salazar  1:38:29
I don't know if that was my belief. At the time. I just thought it was a very bizarre, strange coincidence that I thought needed to be highlighted.

Chris Mattei  1:38:36
Why did you need it? And what relevance was it to your coverage?

Adan Salazar  1:38:42
I think it's relevant if the name of a map changes on a movie, you know, when it's supposed to be something else. And Sandy Hook changes to Sandy Hook. And then something happens at a place called Sandy Hook in the same year that the movie is released. Right? Are coincidence. And

Chris Mattei  1:38:59
so let me explain why that is relevant. It seems and correct me if I'm wrong, that what you are inviting your audience to consider is that it's not a coincidence at all. Correct? Objection, the form.

Adan Salazar  1:39:15
I wasn't inviting the audience to consider that I was asking if it maybe they perhaps stop the coincidence was bizarre to I think I pointed out the fact that the problem manager of the movie, lived in Sandy Hook, maybe in one of the articles are in your town, Connecticut, which is the same place the shooting took place. I thought that was all bizarre coincidence. Yes. I wasn't trying to tell the readers that it was a state false flag. I was just trying to point out a bizarre coincidence.

Jordan  1:39:48
Just so we're clear. Here's the second paragraph of the article, Adan wrote and sent a drudge quote, since that, quote, minor coincidence, we've scoured the Batman movies and pored over various Gotham City The maps to find anything that could support the theory that the movies may have had hints of for knowledge of the tragic massacre that occurred last week. Because where there's smoke, there's usually fire. Oh my god, what we found is interesting to say the least. It seems like this isn't quite how he's describing his writing in this deposition is Christ from the article. It sounds like they were studying these maps searching for clues to prove that there was foreign knowledge and that they found interesting stuff and where there's smoke, there's usually fire seems pretty overt and it's point I would say, yeah, and Adan doesn't point out that the prop master was from Sandy Hook, he does bring up that there's a sandy hook in New Jersey, but it's kind of a non sequitur between heavy insinuation of a conspiracy and then this quote for those who are left asking why would someone do this? Okay, Alfred Pennyworth. Bruce Wayne Oh says have an evil force and the Dark Knight movie some men aren't looking for anything logical like money they can't be bought, bullied reasoned or negotiated with some men just want to watch the world burn. The article ends with this quote, if you're enjoying spotting these bizarre coincidences and traveling down the road of curiosity with us, stay tuned for tomorrow's scintillating revelation. Some are saying is the smoking gun needed to tie the Dark Knight Rises, the Aurora massacre and the Sandy Hook tragedy. We guarantee it will leave you wondering exactly WTF is going on? Oh my god, but doesn't really seem like someone who's just saying, Hey, isn't this weird?

Jordan  1:41:24
Just anytime I'm in a deposition, I just want to make sure that I've never written the word guarantee.

Jordan  1:41:32
Such a fucking shit. moment you say guarantee your fucking I think it's an interesting approach that Adan is taking in this like, because Maddie is asking like, why is this relevant? Right? It's just something kind of interesting. It's a weird coincidence. Right? Right. But it's only a meaningful coincidence. If you're trying to argue X, Y or Z. Yeah, nope. And this when I told you about like this being like, incredibly frustrating. Yeah, kind of, we're gonna be here for a while. This seems to be a stumbling. There are difficulties in getting a Don to admit at all that he was making a point. Okay.

Jordan  1:42:14
Don, what do you do as a writer, I just throw words out that just say, Isn't this weird? Whoa, Wackadoodle.

Jordan  1:42:21
Then you read the article, and I say we have a scintillating revelation of a smoking gun tomorrow. So anyway, it's just coincidence. It's really just the morning I quit. Okay.

Chris Mattei  1:42:32
I mean, that really is like, to the extent there would be any salience to the coincidence, it's that right? Define that the fact that a map location in a movie had been changed to the name of a place where a shooting later occurred, could potentially be evidence that somebody involved in that movie had awareness that a shooting would later occur their correct

Adan Salazar  1:42:59
objection. I don't know what it signified. I just thought it was a bizarre coincidence that people should maybe look into Yeah, okay, highlighted highlighted it for the audience, because I thought it was interesting, and I thought they'd find it interesting as

Jordan  1:43:13
well. It's just a bizarre coincidence. It doesn't mean anything. I didn't have any suspicions about this. I wasn't trying to make a

Jordan  1:43:19
point I had done come

Jordan  1:43:20
on. Oh, come on, man. Unfortunately, he also had a Facebook account. And this happened. I'm going to show

Chris Mattei  1:43:27
you exhibit ae you actually posted your article to Facebook, and that's exhibit a before you correct. I see that. Yes. And contrary to the testimony you just gave which is you were just pointing out the coincidence. You included commentary there that called the points that it's very fishy, correct. Objection.

Adan Salazar  1:44:01
It looks like it says that. Can you zoom in a little more? Yeah, that's the problem. Yeah, I put very fishy,

Chris Mattei  1:44:10
which is you met to sow doubt about whether there was in fact, foreknowledge on somebody's part of the shooting Correct?

Adan Salazar  1:44:19
I didn't I just pointing out that it's a bizarre coincidence. I'm not trying to sow doubt.

Chris Mattei  1:44:25
Really out that it's fishy.

Adan Salazar  1:44:27
Yeah. Seems like I'm pointing out that it's a bizarre coincidence. And trying to sow doubt.

Jordan  1:44:35
I think that Chris Matty's delivery of that it seems fishy, yeah, is just right on point. Because like, that is the kind of thing that you could just repeat to somebody and you're shaming them. Yeah, repeat. It

Jordan  1:44:48
seems fishy.

Jordan  1:44:50
I wasn't saying I wasn't trying to sow doubt or make this look suspicious

Jordan  1:44:54
when you said it seems fishy, fishy.

Jordan  1:44:59
Yeah, I think that's one of the moments where a Donald probably didn't think like, well, you know, I didn't post anything. My face.

Jordan  1:45:09
It is it is such like, of course, you're constantly surprised that they're bringing this up to you. You didn't research the things you did,

Jordan  1:45:18
right. And you're used to working with a bunch of Ding Dongs who don't do anything and don't understand, like how a process of actual exploration might work.

Jordan  1:45:27
I mean, it really does feel like he's like, how did you get that? You know, like, we know it's public man. You can find it anytime you want, right? Crazy.

Jordan  1:45:37
It was fishy mean?

Jordan  1:45:39
It's more of an anomalous word. Really?

Jordan  1:45:42
Have you seen fish? There's a lot of anomalous fish he'd say.

Jordan  1:45:45
I'll tell you what, that that fish doesn't jive. So

Jordan  1:45:49
the next day after this a Don is working on another Sandy Hook conspiracy.

Chris Mattei  1:45:55
Oh, on December 21. And this will be exhibit number 11. You latched on to a different anomaly. Do you recall? A becoming aware that an online movie review of a movie entitled Sandy Hook lingerie party massacre had been published in the days prior to the shooting? Do you recall that? Yes.

Adan's Lawyer  1:46:31
And you referenced an exhibit 11 But I'm not showing it

Chris Mattei  1:46:34
correct. You recall as you're sitting here without looking at an exhibit becoming aware of an interested in the fact that somebody had published an online review of this movie before the Sandy Hook shooting Correct?

Adan Salazar  1:46:53
I don't know about the review, but I was aware of the movie or something. Somehow it crossed my path.

Jordan  1:47:01
Probably some John Rapoport email. dumb shit you saw on Reddit.

Jordan  1:47:07
That lawyer should have been like when he was like, Objection, you haven't showed exhibit 11 And he's correct. Oh, fuck. That means exhibit 11 is gonna make my client look real dumb. Oh, no, yet.

Jordan  1:47:19
Did you think that this movie was fishy? Yeah. So yeah, Don's working on this, this article about the lingerie party massacre. And there's some emails, these have come up and other depositions where Don is emailing the guy who wrote the review, I believe, sure. And discussing how like, hey, you know, there's bumps people are spreading the rumor that, you know, you are maybe had foreknowledge of the attack. And we think that's dumb. Yeah. But we're gonna write it anyway. Oh, no, that's a bad idea. Yeah. So it's always fun when in a deposition setting, you get to make someone read their own email.

Jordan  1:47:57
Don't make me read it. And here's how it goes. Don't make me read it. And I'm gonna

Chris Mattei  1:48:01
scroll down to the beginning of the email, and I'll just go down so everybody could see this one page. And am I correct, sir, that you sent an email on December 21? Seven days after the shooting to a Miss Gonzalez. Is that correct? Mr. Gonzalez Yeah, Mr. Gonzalez. I'm sorry, Mr. Gonzalez. And your email reads? Actually, can you read it for me?

Adan Salazar  1:48:31
There's a ambitious rumor that the date you posted your review of the Sandy Hook laundry party massacre on your site, a slash above a.com. Shows foreknowledge or prior planning of the events that have taken place as of late, at first, include two links. At first, we thought this was surely ridiculous. However, we're going to point it out in an article and we'd like to give me the opportunity to provide a comment.

Chris Mattei  1:48:58
Thank you, Mr. word there, you said and we're going to point it out in an article anyway, right? Yes,

Jordan  1:49:03
I'm sorry. I wonder if that's an intentional omission as part of reading it because the anyway there really is the anyway is the darkest word. Yeah, is a word that shows like, you're sending this person's an admission that you don't even believe the shit you're gonna post. Yeah, you're gonna do it anyway. Yeah.

Jordan  1:49:21
Anyway, is a shift to your gut. Like that is what the anyway is for.

Jordan  1:49:26
But I don't understand what the goal would be of not reading the Word. I mean, it's there.

Jordan  1:49:31
Wow. Because you don't want to read it because the NRA really makes you sound like you just shoved somebody in the gut.

Jordan  1:49:37
It's a weird instinct.

Jordan  1:49:39
Don't make me read my own. But I wouldn't. I mean, I again, I can't be deposed the whiny voice. Don't make me read

Jordan  1:49:45
it. I would just say no wrong. Yeah. But yeah, you read it. Yeah. You do it. The arrestable email that he's sending, involves a notion of foreknowledge because that's literally what he says on the eve out. Yep. So you might think that covering this story, as a Don does, is an attempt for him to cast aspersions on the reality of the shooting and imply that the audience maybe should consider that there's for planning for knowledge. Yeah, Nah, man. He wasn't making the point. He wasn't making the point. Sorry, what,

Chris Mattei  1:50:21
but the rumor that you were informing Mr. Gonzalez of was that the fact that he had posted the review, sometime in advance of the Sandy Hook shooting could be evidence that he was aware that shooting would take place, correct?

Adan Salazar  1:50:37
I believe that's what I was questioning.

Chris Mattei  1:50:40
And you thought that it was surely ridiculous at first, right?

Adan Salazar  1:50:45
Yes, yes.

Chris Mattei  1:50:47
Why then, if it was ridiculous, were you going to include it in an article anyway?

Adan Salazar  1:50:54
Because of a just another bizarre coincidence that I found interesting that I thought our readership would find interesting.

Chris Mattei  1:51:00
And the reason that you thought they would find it interesting is because you were trying to highlight evidence for them, suggesting that this was an event of which certain people had foreknowledge Correct? Objection.

Adan Salazar  1:51:20
I wasn't particularly trying to highlight that there was an event that people had foreknowledge of more so that I thought this was a weird anomaly that people should keep their eye on and maybe read about, you know,

Jordan  1:51:32
keep their eye on. This is

Jordan  1:51:34
infuriating. That is, wow, yeah, fuck you. This is kind of It reminds me a little bit of a child being like, I'm not hitting you. I'm hitting. Yeah, right in your face saying

Jordan  1:51:47
this. I mean, Jesus Christ. At a certain point, just be like, if you're gonna play if you're gonna play dumb. You're playing the wrong amount of dumb like, this is, this is dumb enough, where I'm like, You're fucking playing. You're an asshole. You gotta go way too far. If you're gonna try it, you're gonna you've got to be like, holy shit. That is the first time that I have thought of that connection. I

Jordan  1:52:09
can't believe I didn't die.

Jordan  1:52:10
Are you kidding me? You know, honestly, now that you've brought that up? To me, that sounds like a crazy thing. I'm

Jordan  1:52:15
so sorry. Now, you know what, it's weird that I completely unknowingly and accidentally speculated about that in the articles that you're

Jordan  1:52:21
asking is crazy. It is crazy. That's wild, or

Jordan  1:52:25
like, just like, I don't know, have like an entirely open mind and be like, oh, yeah, that is what I was. You're right. That doesn't make sense. Yeah. I don't know. Maybe that's a bad road to go.

Jordan  1:52:35
I mean, there's no way to go. This one's just a very good way to go. But this is bad.

Jordan  1:52:40
So Maddie asks a dawn about like, these anomalies and stuff. And actually this moment, it actually it was revelatory for me, because it was something that I had never really thought about.

Chris Mattei  1:52:53
You yourself weren't convinced, at this point that the evidence you were collecting, established that somebody other than Mr. Lanza had foreknowledge of the event. Correct? Objection.

Adan Salazar  1:53:08
At the time, I was still kind of, I guess, trying to convince myself to put the pieces together.

Chris Mattei  1:53:16
Sorry, what were any of your coincidences to law enforcement does? You

Jordan  1:53:20
know, I'd never thought about Wow, that if they took this stuff seriously, wow. Why wouldn't they tell somebody in law enforcement? Why wouldn't they try to? I mean, obviously, I don't believe any of this. Right. Right. But like, you know, that would be something that you probably have some kind of at least moral obligation to do if you took any of this seriously,

Jordan  1:53:42
that's one of those that's one of those things that when you're when you're too close to stuff, you can't see it. But if you step back and you look at that, that's so simple, and it demolishes everything. It's so some it's so

Jordan  1:53:53
taken for granted by us because of the like how long we've been doing this. How much it's been repetitively borne out, right? Like they don't take this seriously. We just know Yeah, and so that isn't even like a consideration do you right? Yes. Does like oh, what

Jordan  1:54:08
a great question. Yeah, if you really thought this wouldn't you at least talked about it? Yeah. Because it's very very serious. Well, the the implications of this are earth shattering, so wouldn't you at least try

Jordan  1:54:19
right? And you're gonna be like, Well, no, because the whole system is going to be Yeah, but like, well, that's not an excuse to not try it. Especially

Jordan  1:54:26
not if you're using somebody who's a former cop or whatever. Is your person find somebody who's a former cop to like ease it into them or whatever?

Jordan  1:54:35
Dues uncle is a former FBI Yeah.

Jordan  1:54:37
Are you guys that stupid? Yeah. Come on, come on.

Jordan  1:54:40
Come on. Come on. Come

Jordan  1:54:40
on. Come on.

Jordan  1:54:42
So this next clip I really enjoyed this clip. Okay. It's a little longer but it has to be

Chris Mattei  1:54:50
and you were at this time aware that of allegations that one arm More of the parents of Sandy Hook children. Were crisis actors, correct?

Adan Salazar  1:55:06
Yes. That's the rumor at that point. Yes. You

Chris Mattei  1:55:09
heard the rumor. Did you believe it yourself at that point?

Adan Salazar  1:55:16
I didn't really go into that so much as everybody else did. Could have been a factor. But I wasn't really interested in trying to figure out whether they were crisis actors or not. You weren't interested in that? Not really, I didn't, it didn't really matter to the case, we were trying to make or prove or, you know, like, to any of the bizarre anomalies that I was writing about.

Chris Mattei  1:55:43
Okay. Okay. Can you let me know, and this will be exhibit number 12. Why, on January 6 2013, you attempted to establish an account at crisis actors.org.

Adan Salazar  1:56:02
Not sure why. People listed on the site or something.

Chris Mattei  1:56:11
You agree that exhibit number 12 is an email from crisis actors. That is a website to you. Asking for you to verify your address. So you can sign into the crisis actors website, correct? Yes. Okay. It falls off. About three weeks. Correct? Yes. But your testimony here today is that you don't know why you did that.

Adan Salazar  1:56:38
Looks like I was trying to investigate, see if maybe one or maybe if they're listed as crisis actors on their own. I don't know what I'm just trying to, you know, any avenue I can possibly investigate. I wanted to do my due diligence.

Chris Mattei  1:56:54
I see. You are Wow. Your assumption is that you were trying to gain access to the site, in the hope that you might be able to see if any of the crisis actors appearing on the website. were the same as individuals. Who were family members of Sandy Hook victims correct direction.

Adan Salazar  1:57:18
The time it looks like I was trying to figure out if any of the people involved in the Sandy Hook event were crisis actors. That's what appears Yes.

Chris Mattei  1:57:28
Including Congress, correct? Ah,

Adan Salazar  1:57:32
I'm not sure. could have been anybody might have been looking into some guy that was, you know, just interviewed and

Jordan  1:57:42
you know, what,

Chris Mattei  1:57:43
and what were the results of your query of the crisis actors website?

Adan Salazar  1:57:50
Honestly, I cannot tell you because I did not remember. Okay.

Jordan  1:57:54
Okay. Really important information.

Jordan  1:57:55
I got ya got some got some expos a level stuff. And Maddie makes another great point after that. And that is like well, I mean, if you'd gone on there and found somebody that was one of the Sandy Hook people you probably would have reported that right would have kind of the fact that you didn't kind of shows that maybe you didn't. And you didn't report to your audience that you didn't find it. Oh, did you? Nope, nope. Nope.

Jordan  1:58:19
Ah, it appears that to you. You said earlier today that you did not know why that assassin killed your wife. Now, do you know why the day before you signed up for can an assassin kill my wife.org

Jordan  1:58:32
I don't I don't know. I mean, I look is a long time ago. I don't know. I think I was just looking to see how assassins are doing these days.

Jordan  1:58:42
Are they making good money? What's what's their world like?

Jordan  1:58:45
Yeah, yeah. I've always wanted to interview and

Jordan  1:58:49
as far as the day before it goes I think that's just a bizarre coincidence. Yeah,

Jordan  1:58:54
I gotta go. Oh, my god.

Jordan  1:58:59
That's so fucking terrible.

Jordan  1:59:00
Yeah, that's like pure comedy moment. The like, I wasn't really that interested in the crisis stuff. Three weeks after the shooting. Tried to join crisis. actors.org Yeah, well, I guess I did do that.

Jordan  1:59:15
There's just so many so many stepping on a rake demons. It's bananas. Wow.

Jordan  1:59:22
So there's a another conspiracy that was going around and that has to do with the idea that there was a fundraiser for Sandy Hook she was published before the dry right. So Don has to address this on

Chris Mattei  1:59:35
January 13. Well, you agree that you are the recipient of this email?

Chris Mattei  1:59:51
Yes. And the sender Sean Knoll, do you know who that is? I do not

Adan Salazar  1:59:58
go

Chris Mattei  2:00:04
The center's know in this email is encouraging you to go to a link. Where, according to the link, a sandy hook relief fund page appeared three days before the shooting, correct?

Adan Salazar  2:00:24
Yeah, that's what Mr. Knoll seems to be pointing out in this email.

Chris Mattei  2:00:29
Did you do anything to investigate that?

Adan Salazar  2:00:32
I might have clicked the link I can't recall.

Chris Mattei  2:00:34
Okay. And showing you exhibit number 13. A Thursday that this is an image of your Facebook account in which you shared the post concerning this issue of a sandy hook fundraising page being created three days before the shooting? Yes, sir. And you did that on January 11 2013. Right. Yes. Oh, again, you didn't do anything to investigate whether in fact, a relief fund had been created three days before the shooting. You just posted the link, right?

Adan Salazar  2:01:19
It posted a link to Natural News on my Facebook. Yes. Okay. So,

Chris Mattei  2:01:24
and you did that? Because as you say, this was another coincidence, right? Is that how you felt?

Adan Salazar  2:01:35
The Google thing I wasn't too sure about since then you have a little bit about how Google worked. I wasn't so ready to follow that.

Jordan  2:01:43
How much do you know how good works?

Adan Salazar  2:01:45
phenomenally?

Chris Mattei  2:01:46
You were prepared to post about it. But you weren't gonna write an article.

Adan Salazar  2:01:50
I was prepared to post it on Facebook for other people that might find it interesting. Yeah.

Jordan  2:01:54
So that's interesting, because he's willing to spread this bullshit that he knows is bullshit out. Yeah, he knows that this is nonsense. But he's still more than willing to put it out as if it is. Now the interesting thing is that was a fun trap. Because you've got this email where this guy is sending him an email on January 13. Yep. And he's like, Did you research this at all is around maybe I clicked the link? I don't know. He posted about it on Facebook two days prior. Oh, that's. So that's not

Jordan  2:02:24
good. No, oh, no. Oh, that's bad.

Jordan  2:02:27
There's a decent chance that this guy is emailing him about the article that Don had posted on his Facebook, that same article might have been what spurred this email Sheezus. And he'd already admitted that he didn't look into it. He didn't do research.

Jordan  2:02:40
I mean, it for one of the little pet peeves that I have in, especially in situations like this is whenever it's like, you can't say it seems like that's what he's doing. I'm giving you a thing that happened in the past that cannot be changed anymore. It is done. So this does not seem like he says this. He said this correct.

Jordan  2:03:00
Seems like it. So when they were talking about the Batman article that Don had written, yeah, he said that he thought he mentioned that the prop master was from Newtown. Right. And that was not true. He had mentioned that the New Jersey there's an island, Sandy Hook. The reason that a DOM thought that he brought up the prop master is because this became another big conspiracy for him. Oh, so basically, the argument or the theory that goes around is that this guy, Scott get singer is the name of the prop master. He died in a car wreck prior to the release of the movie, and prior to Sandy Hook, right. So the theory that people had was that he was responsible for changing the name to Sandy Hook. And that's why they killed it. Exactly. Because he knew too much. Right. Right. Which sort of raises the question of why it was still in the movie. Yeah, I

Jordan  2:04:02
mean, if they knew that he did it, but they also killed him for it, and then they left it in anyways. Right. That seems

Jordan  2:04:08
silly. And it appears that Adan was pretty into this conspiracy. Right. And so this is discussed a little bit here. And boo, I don't know he just can't. Adan is boring as a Dodger. Let's say

Chris Mattei  2:04:24
this is my correct, Mr. Salazar, another email that you sent this one to? Elliot Brown. Yes, sir. And you see that it's dated there? January 28 2013. Yes, and in this email, you are asking him if he's free for an honest journalists question. Correct? Yes. And you're referring to yourself there? Correct.

Jordan  2:04:56
Even he laughed at that. Exactly. He laughed at that. Exactly. luck, you, fuck you.

Chris Mattei  2:05:04
And in the body of the email, you asked him about the change in the title of the map in Dark Knight Rises. And you ask him about this gentleman Scott gets in your who was the prop master, according to you? who passed away in a car accident, correct? Yes. And so does this situate you in time, that the time when you were inquiring about the death of Scott gets Edgar was in January of 2013?

Adan Salazar  2:05:47
Yes, it looks like

Chris Mattei  2:05:50
and the coincidence that you were referring to, and we'll go back here. We'll go back to exhibit number 14. This is the email to health or inter direct was that Mr. Good singer, was associated with the movie, The Dark Knight Rises, and he was killed in a car crash. And lived in Newtown, Connecticut, correct? Yes. And you say what struck me as extremely odd is that this dude hailed from you guessed it Newtown, Connecticut. Right. Right. And then you say at the end, definitely something fishy about it all. was fishy about the fact that somebody associated the props department with the Dark Knight Rises was from New Town and it died in a car accident,

Adan's Lawyer  2:06:46
direction to form.

Adan Salazar  2:06:54
Thought it was very odd and same year that this movie is put out and Sandy Hook has changed on a map, something happens at a place called Sandy Hook.

Chris Mattei  2:07:05
And what you were suggesting was that Mr. Getz singers death was somehow due to the fact that he had knowledge about why the map had been changed.

Adan Salazar  2:07:19
Objection, honestly, I did not have like a theory as to why get singer was if he was murdered or killed or why he died in the car accident. I didn't really have an answer. But it did seem like a strange anomaly worth pointing out.

Jordan  2:07:35
So there is this infuriating thing where it's just the way that Adan is presenting what Infowars does is like I guess we're just a journalistic or media outlet where we post weird coincidences that mean nothing. Yeah, that's I find to be an offensive. Just sort of characterization. Yeah, it's silly. Yeah, it's fishy,

Jordan  2:08:00
a Dun, dun, you are, theoretically, a writer. And you're trying to insist to me that words don't have meaning. This is a problem

Jordan  2:08:09
more or less. Yeah. And so Maddie makes this point. And I think that this is important. And that is that coincidences don't mean anything. Unless there's a point to that. Oh,

Chris Mattei  2:08:20
you'd agree with me that if something is a mere coincidence. Meaning just happenstance. Then there's nothing to know about it. Correct. There's no relevance to noting it. Right? Objection.

Adan Salazar  2:08:40
Well, there are big coincidences, and little coincidences. I think some of the big coincidences deserve to be noted, small ones? Probably not.

Chris Mattei  2:08:49
And the reason they deserve what noted or investigated is because they signify that it may not be a coincidence at all correct? Objection.

Adan Salazar  2:09:03
I'm not sure what the coincidence would point to honestly, because I'm just one thing that people have to look into on their own. What

Chris Mattei  2:09:10
is relevant if it points to something? Right?

Adan Salazar  2:09:15
Objection. Not necessarily, I think, what incidences can be highlighted without them having a point to them.

Chris Mattei  2:09:23
Yeah. So your testimony is that when you're highlighting what you refer to as these coincidences, you are not intending to suggest anything about what they signify. That's your testimony.

Adan Salazar  2:09:39
I'm trying to tell the reader that this is going on and it's kind of weird. What do you think about it? I think at the bottom of one of my articles, I'm like, What do you think? Sound off in the comments below? You know, so just kind of bringing this to people's attention.

Jordan  2:09:54
It's just what value is there to coincidence. That's the question. Did you have to ask yourself?

Jordan  2:10:01
I mean, I think at that point I'd be like Mr. Salazar, I am now going to bounce a tennis ball off your forehead every time you say something about your job. That's pants shitting Lee insane. What are you talking about?

Jordan  2:10:12
coincidences, man?

Jordan  2:10:14
What are you talking about? I

Jordan  2:10:15
mean, within the you know, the time that Infowars ran a huge Expo say about how Carmen Electra his birth name was Tara Patrick. And she couldn't use that name, because it was already a porn stars name. And so with Carmen like, Isn't that an interesting? Coincidence? That's

Jordan  2:10:31
a big coincidence. So we investigate that one, not one of those little coincidences.

Jordan  2:10:36
I mean, it's like, Are you do you really think like, maybe you would run an article about how some people have the same middle name? I mean, that's a Cohen. What

Jordan  2:10:44
do you what do you understand the word coincidence to mean? Yeah. Oh, no, there can't be. I mean, I understand what you mean by big coincidences, little coincidences. But that is not a description of their meaningfulness, that that's insane.

Jordan  2:10:59
Yeah, I'm not sure you do know what the he means by Big or little, actually, because I'm not sure I do. Now that

Jordan  2:11:05
you say it like that. I know what I would mean by saying that, what he means I do not know. And I

Jordan  2:11:10
certainly feel for Chris MADI quite a bit, because there is just a, like, a real attempt to be like, come on, you're making a point? Yeah, you're there's a point that you're trying to make words have to have meaning and Adan will not go for it. God dammit.

Chris Mattei  2:11:26
It's true. Mr. Cells are that the reason you're highlighting what you claim are coincidences is because you want your audience to suspect that something like Sandy Hook, in fact, did not occur, as has been reported. Isn't that your purpose? Objection?

Adan Salazar  2:11:48
My purpose is to point out the coincidences and let the reader make up their own mind.

Chris Mattei  2:11:54
If you have interest in suggesting to the reader what the relevance of the coincidence might be, that's your testimony.

Adan Salazar  2:12:07
I think I present the evidence I gather for them and allow the reader to make up their own mind yet.

Jordan  2:12:13
So we have one sort of CODA here of the Sandy Hook prop portion. And so just we'll ride this out here.

Chris Mattei  2:12:23
And then this is exhibit number 16. This is your Facebook page. Correct, Mr. Salazar, in which you are posting on February 6 2013? No, less than two months from the shooting. Something from Intel hub concerning Sandy Hook, and you post. Google Scott gets in there, correct? Oh, my God. And that's because you wanted people to discover the same Nexus that you believe you had discovered between Mr. Getz singer's death, the map in The Dark Knight Rises, and the Sandy Hook shooting, correct?

Adan Salazar  2:13:09
Yes, that was pointing people to the anomaly.

Chris Mattei  2:13:14
The anomaly which you've testified, had absolutely no significance to you, correct?

Adan Salazar  2:13:19
Objection? I don't think I said it had no significance. I think I said it was a bizarre coincidence that people should be aware of,

Chris Mattei  2:13:28
but that did not signify anything to you. Correct?

Adan Salazar  2:13:31
Well, it didn't signify that it was a staged mass shooting. But it did signify something very bizarre, bizarre coincidence?

Chris Mattei  2:13:39
What did it signify?

Adan Salazar  2:13:42
It was just a bizarre coincidence that needed to be

Chris Mattei  2:13:47
for what purpose is

Jordan  2:13:50
not gonna let this go back into

Adan Salazar  2:13:51
it, so they can investigate it on their own.

Chris Mattei  2:13:54
So they could investigate it on their own and potentially discover that, in fact, it wasn't a coincidence at all, but that Mr. Getz singer had been killed, so as to silence him because he was aware that the change in the Sandy Hook map signified some advanced knowledge of the shooting Correct? direction.

Adan Salazar  2:14:15
I'm not sure what they would discover. Honestly, it was very strange though, putting it out there. I wanted them to Google Scott Danciger and see all the anomalies. Yes. Okay.

Jordan  2:14:28
Just see what happens. Just Google it and see what you find. Maybe you'll find some of his other work from his storied career in other movies like The Truman Show. Maybe that's that's a good reason to Google him. You know, to see though the work that he's done over the course of his career. Yeah.

Jordan  2:14:45
What's his IMDB page like? Yeah. Oh, boy.

Jordan  2:14:49
I mean, it's infuriating. Yeah, I do. I don't know. I don't know Chris. Matty personally, as a know, some of the Texas attorneys but I get In the sense that maybe he enjoys that back and forth a little bit, it

Jordan  2:15:04
does seem a little bit

Jordan  2:15:05
like, yeah, there is a like a ha. How about this one?

Jordan  2:15:09
How about we try these words, right?

Jordan  2:15:12
So there is a meaning to this for you. Right? Right coincidence that people should look into look into and find one. Come on, man. Yeah.

Jordan  2:15:22
All right, you're not gonna Okay, frontal assault isn't gonna work for you. I'm gonna go around the back. Let's see about this one now. Okay. All right.

Jordan  2:15:28
So a lot of this stuff is fairly annoying. Certainly, yes. But there is some like positivity that comes in. Unfortunately, it's positivity in the worst possible way.

Chris Mattei  2:15:37
You received an email, did you not in March on March 7 of 2013, from Daniel DuPont and wrote to you, please stay on top of the story. No names of deceased to be released, etcetera. The attack appears to be completely staged. The public knows that they are being lied to. And you wrote back to him. Thank you for the encouragement.

Jordan  2:16:08
Christ. Come on, man in

Chris Mattei  2:16:11
my video that Infowars and published in January, correct? Yeah.

Jordan  2:16:18
Looks at way. Boy, I would regret responding to a random email like that, at this point. Like that would be like I didn't have to write back to that.

Jordan  2:16:27
He didn't give us a true moment, though. A true moment of comedy where he was like, Yeah, I don't think I read that one. Man. He's like, let's see the reply that you sent.

Jordan  2:16:36
Yeah. Oh,

Jordan  2:16:38
wow. Wow.

Jordan  2:16:40
So now we finally get to conversation about Wolfgang Halbig. And his role and all of this and how Adan first learned about him.

Chris Mattei  2:16:49
One of the articles you wrote, introduced the Infowars. Audience to Wolfgang Halbig Correct? Yes. How did you first learn of Mr. Howell

Adan Salazar  2:17:03
I heard he was interviewed. And I went and listened to the interview on American Free Press.

Chris Mattei  2:17:13
Your interview? Not sure? You recall when that was?

Adan Salazar  2:17:38
No, I'd have to look at the date on the article.

Chris Mattei  2:17:41
Let me show you. What is been marked as exhibit 19 B. You see an email from Tom nasty and to you

Adan Salazar  2:17:52
on bass yet. You bet this guy and yes. It's legit. Ask Alex to bring him on as a guest.

Chris Mattei  2:18:01
Tom nastiness.

Adan Salazar  2:18:02
I have no idea. Okay.

Chris Mattei  2:18:06
And you understood. Mr. Baskin to be asking you to vet Wolfgang Halbig Correct? Yes, it looks like some 2014. Yes, sir. Okay, but you don't know who bestehen is? No.

Jordan  2:18:24
So this interview on the American Free Press was released on February 11 2014. So the email from Bastiaan asking a dawn to vet him came the next day. It's probably not unreasonable to assume that Adan heard about the interview from this email unless he was closely monitoring everything put out by the AFP. Yeah, it's really good that Adan seems to not know who did that interview, because if he did, he'd have to say that it was David Harry, friend of David Dukes, who actually was the publisher of Jim Fetzer, his book, nobody died at Sandy Oh, Nazi shit. Well, and the guy who published that book that you're not supposed to really know all that much about he was the guy who was interviewing Wolfgang, how big they brought how big to the attention of men of Infowars. Boy, actually, I was I was looking around on Garrity, aka Harry and he actually, like recently has made some comments about like, I think I might be responsible for Alex and Wolfgang, how big getting sued. Yeah, maybe

Jordan  2:19:25
that's possible. That could be you know, even

Jordan  2:19:27
leaving aside who this interviewer was. American free press is a rag that was founded by Nazi and general white supremacist Willis carto, which has a strange trend of Holocaust deniers as writers. So it's not a great sign that this is where a dawn was cruising to get new guests, particularly ones he's going to use to inflict severe trauma on the parents of murdered children. Yeah, maybe do better. Yeah, that's not good.

Jordan  2:19:49
I would add a tip for depositions. Ask how many exhibits there are like, get as much information as you can beforehand? And in fact, I would say you Prepare because then when you go

Jordan  2:20:01
in see this goes back to the first clip. Yeah, care a little more

Jordan  2:20:04
you don't run into this. Now let's go to exhibit 19 Chin, you know you you know what exhibits are coming? That's what's important. That's what my pro tip. Sure pro tip Sure, yeah.

Jordan  2:20:15
Oh yeah or like just be aware that you tried to sign up for crisis actors.org. Before you say I wasn't interested in

Jordan  2:20:23
actors, you really got to know what websites you signed up for that are exactly the thing that you shouldn't have your Yeah.

Jordan  2:20:29
So Don, having heard this American free press interview, he felt the need to have that Wolfgang,

Chris Mattei  2:20:38
showing you exhibit 19. Again where Mr. Halbig says, down here in this paragraph. I think it's a scripted event that took place. I think it was in planning for maybe two, two and a half years. Yes, exactly. Okay. And that was Mr. Howe bigs allegation, correct? Yes. Now, the idea that a mass shooting at which 20 children were killed, and six educators were killed, have been scripted and planned for two and a half years in advance is a serious charge. Correct? Correct. And you knew it was a serious charge at the time. serious charges. And that's why you felt like you needed to establish Mr. halberds credentials. Right. Objection.

Adan Salazar  2:21:41
Like it's good to establish anyone's credentials that are writing about them.

Chris Mattei  2:21:44
Would you agree with me that you did not do that? And every article in which you reported what somebody else was saying, correct?

Adan Salazar  2:21:53
I don't check credentials for everybody I write about. Yes.

Chris Mattei  2:21:55
All right. But you did for Mr. Housing. Yes. And the reason you did is because you knew that these allegations were particularly serious.

Adan Salazar  2:22:04
Objection. I thought he was bringing to the table some important information that only a school safety consultant could provide.

Chris Mattei  2:22:16
Did it occur to you? How families who have lost loved ones at Sandy Hook would react to an allegation that in fact, their children were murdered in an event that was scripted and planned over two and a half years? Did that occur to you?

Adan's Lawyer  2:22:34
Objection?

Adan Salazar  2:22:36
I didn't think about that. Why would

Jordan  2:22:39
you? Yeah, I mean, they're, they're not real. They're not real people. See, I am in Austin, Texas, working for Infowars. And they are not there.

Jordan  2:22:47
Right. It's solipsism. Yep. Also, people might have heard what sounded like a gasp Yeah, it was you hiccuping that you did not. gasp I hiccup. Yeah. So the vetting process pretty light, almost like the vetting process to get hired at Infowars. It turns out, there's are there parallels you

Chris Mattei  2:23:08
Google it, other than visiting the website, which you acknowledge Mr. Halbig, may have put up himself and reviewing the interview? Did you do anything further to investigate the claims that he made relating to the threatening conduct of law enforcement officers and the scripted nature of the Sandy Hook event?

Adan Salazar  2:23:30
No, I didn't just published what he said in the interview wise.

Chris Mattei  2:23:38
You're aware that shortly after you published this article, Mr. How big was appeared on the Infowars broadcast? You're

Adan Salazar  2:23:49
aware of that? I think I recall. Yeah.

Jordan  2:23:53
Probably a coincidence. Yeah. Bizarre. Yeah. So he did a little looking around. Yep. Did a website that maybe how big put up himself? Yeah.

Jordan  2:24:03
Well, I mean, listen to that interview. If it's on the internet, you can trust it. The mainstream media thinks that bingo, let's go let's do it looks good. Yeah.

Jordan  2:24:11
And then, a guy named Robert Heath sent an email to Info Wars that said, Hey, this guy looks shady. Maybe check into his credential, maybe don't do this. And Adan wrote back to him and said, Hey, man, it looks like he's got plenty of credentials. Oh, my God. You're being too unspecific, oh, my God. And so he wrote him back and had a specific long list of things that were of concern, right. We've talked about this on a bunch of the deposition episodes, because it's come up in the corporate reps and with Alex, and so I didn't want to do like play it all over again. But we got this discussion about the email here.

Chris Mattei  2:24:52
So Mr. Heath followed up in his email to you with the results of that The inquiry he had made online about Mr. Howard's past Correct.

Adan Salazar  2:25:04
appears that way. Yes.

Chris Mattei  2:25:07
And it seems as though he did, according to his email quite a bit more than you did to investigate Mr. Harbans. Background correct.

Adan Salazar  2:25:18
But it looks like he did ample research.

Chris Mattei  2:25:20
Well, all you did was visit one website that Mr. Halbig himself may have created correct

Adan Salazar  2:25:26
direction he may have created. I think I did a little bit more searching. But I think it was made mainly based off of that one website.

Chris Mattei  2:25:35
Okay. Your earlier today was that it was just the website. Are you expanding that now to testify that you think you may have done other searches?

Adan Salazar  2:25:43
Objection? I don't recall what kinds of searches I did for Mr. housings information other than that website, but it's possible that I did do more research other than what I stated I did.

Jordan  2:25:53
I'd like to stipulate that I might have done something. Yeah, that makes you look way better. Yeah,

Jordan  2:25:57
I did this bad thing. But I might have done

Jordan  2:26:00
I will. I will say that if I were in a Don's position, and the lawyer asks, is it fair to say that this guy, random guy emailing you did more work than you on the story? You're doing? Yeah. If my lawyer didn't then object, I'd be furious. Yeah, yeah. It would be a position where I would like you're good. You're now you're getting

Jordan  2:26:19
hanging out to dry. That's what's happening if your lawyers like yeah, answer that question, buddy.

Jordan  2:26:25
So these emails come in warning about how big is credentials, right. And as it turns out, I mean, how big just kept coming back on the show?

Chris Mattei  2:26:32
Yeah. Did Mr. Heath's email to you in which he expressed concern that he was not able to find information concerning how big activities, professional activities? Cause you to question whether Mr. Halbig could be relied upon?

Adan Salazar  2:26:56
I think the point is bring it up or valid. And yeah, I think it probably maybe maybe made me question. I can't recall how I felt at the time.

Chris Mattei  2:27:07
Okay, in fact, you don't even recall receiving this email, correct.

Adan Salazar  2:27:11
It's been so long. It's been nine years. So no, I definitely don't recall receiving this email.

Chris Mattei  2:27:21
And you don't recall whether you raise Mr. Sheets concerns with anybody else at Infowars? Is that correct?

Adan Salazar  2:27:27
Recall doing that, either. Yeah.

Chris Mattei  2:27:28
If you had you suspect you would have forwarded Mr. His email along to whoever you wanted to notify about it.

Adan Salazar  2:27:35
Yes, I probably would have Yes.

Chris Mattei  2:27:37
Okay. And whatever you may have done or not done in response to this email. Mr. Halbig, continued to appear on Infowars after March 15 2014, correct.

Adan Salazar  2:27:57
I believe that's the case. Yes.

Chris Mattei  2:27:59
And you don't recall whether you did any additional vetting of Mr. Halbig yourself in response to receiving this email? Correct.

Adan Salazar  2:28:06
I believe I did any vetting after this email now.

Jordan  2:28:09
Wow. That certainly shows that you care.

Jordan  2:28:12
Ah, Mr. Mehdi? I think you misunderstood our process here. You see, what we did was we use to him because his narrative bolstered our own credibility. And that was so we could make money. Oh, no. Now I see why we're in trouble. Yeah, that makes

Jordan  2:28:26
it honestly at the time. We kind of figured that if anybody was gonna get in trouble OB Yeah,

Jordan  2:28:30
yeah. So we thought we were off the hook. Yeah,

Jordan  2:28:34
we kind of thought we were gonna be able to throw him under the bus.

Jordan  2:28:38
I'm gonna throw this screwed up. We're not good at law.

Jordan  2:28:43
I mean, based on their choice of lawyers, yeah. They real bad at law. Yeah, fine. Yeah. So there is clear evidence that there were people who are raising concerns that Adan had heard because he did respond to that email. Yeah, that's an issue about Wolfgang Halbig credibility. But there were other people, maybe even Infowars employees who were saying, You gotta gotta be careful here.

Chris Mattei  2:29:08
Other than Mr. Heath, did anybody else ever warn you about relying on Mr. Halbig in your reporting on Sandy Hook?

Adan Salazar  2:29:20
Maybe I can't recall possibly.

Chris Mattei  2:29:24
You know, an individual named Robert Jacobson.

Adan Salazar  2:29:27
Yes, Robert Jacobson.

Chris Mattei  2:29:29
How do you know Mr. Jacobson?

Adan Salazar  2:29:31
He was a video producer for Alex.

Chris Mattei  2:29:36
Did your work intersect at Infowars?

Adan Salazar  2:29:41
is down the hall from Asus? Once in a while when chat?

Chris Mattei  2:29:45
When did he leave? Infowars Do you recall?

Adan Salazar  2:29:49
I mean, 2017 or 2018? Somewhere around there.

Chris Mattei  2:29:54
And we see wars when you started in 2012. Okay, so you were colleagues for were five, six years.

Adan Salazar  2:30:01
Yes, sir. Okay.

Chris Mattei  2:30:05
Did you have a friendly relationship with Mr. Jacobson? Yes, I do. Are you in touch with him today? I mean, not running well. But do you? You communicate with him? I don't. Did Mr. Jacobson ever advised you of his concerns about relying on Mr. Halbig as a source for reporting that Sandy Hook was a scripted event?

Adan Salazar  2:30:28
Mr. Jacobson, I think did raise concerns, but I didn't really regard them because Mr. Jacobson has some wild theories about a lot of things.

Jordan  2:30:37
Oh, he does. He has wild theories.

Jordan  2:30:39
Amazing. Wild theory is amazing. Yeah, truly an incredible thing for a human being to say in the context within which he's telling it.

Jordan  2:30:48
Yeah, he's telling me that maybe I shouldn't listen to this wacko about Sandy Hook being fake, but I don't listen, because he's got weird. There's a wacko mic down for this because I get into what those theories are. Oh, no. And this is really unfortunate for Adan.

Chris Mattei  2:31:04
Your testimony is that Mr. Jacobson raised concerns about Mr. Howe Biggs credibility, but that you ignored those concerns, because he has, he tends to have wild ideas.

Adan Salazar  2:31:17
Yeah, he thinks Michelle Obama was a man. So I mean, for one.

Chris Mattei  2:31:23
And you've actually posted on your own social media, suggesting that Michelle Obama is a man having

Adan Salazar  2:31:31
I haven't gone along with that conspiracy theory. Yes.

Chris Mattei  2:31:34
You've actually posted a picture of Mr. and Mrs. Obama kissing and saying, essentially happy Gay Pride Day, correct.

Adan Salazar  2:31:43
I might have done that. I don't. I don't remember.

Chris Mattei  2:31:45
So I guess you don't think that. Mr. Jacobson's view of that is is quite as wild. Right? You share it.

Adan Salazar  2:31:55
I entertained the theory, but I don't. I don't espouse the theory.

Chris Mattei  2:32:00
In any event, you discounted Mr. Jacobson's warning, because you believe he held views like that.

Adan Salazar  2:32:10
Mr. Jacobson, wasn't completely credible, in my opinion, but he didn't give the warning. And I didn't think much of it honestly.

Jordan  2:32:20
So the best way you can really interpret this. I mean, otherwise, it's something that I couldn't even imagine translating. But the best way I can figure is what Adan is saying is that Rob actually believes this thing. Yeah. Whereas I am willing to post this like trolling ship post meme right about it in order to push my transphobic and homophobic ideology. Yes, I'm willing to use something that I don't even come close to believing because it spreads the hate that I want to spread. Whereas Rob is crazy, because he actually believes this. Right? Right. Right. It's as close to making sense of this as I can. Yeah,

Jordan  2:32:59
it does appear that he is saying that. Rob is crazy for believing the things that I say,

Jordan  2:33:06
yeah, the things that we promote, make money off of that you might actually believe this stuff. And that's worrying. So

Jordan  2:33:11
see, the thing is, the thing is, you got to see see, Mr. Matty, the thing you got to know is none of us actually believe the shit that we say. And Rob does. So that guy is crazy.

Jordan  2:33:21
I was invested in spreading Sandy Hook conspiracy theories and implying that it's fake, because I needed to attack the event as a way to get around the obligation to make arguments in favor. guns being everywhere, because of the liberal, I have a kind of second order interest in it. Whereas I'm actually just manipulating the audience into thinking these things are real. These concerns are real. Again, in order to make money, Rob kind of believes this stuff. Wow, it seems like that's one of the readings you can make of this. Well, there's another one, I think, and that is that. It's another rake in the face. Yeah. And you're just sort of Punchdrunk from the regular like, I don't fucking know. How am I supposed to respond?

Jordan  2:34:04
What am I what am I gonna say? Right? Why didn't I listen to this guy's warning? Because I didn't. What do you want? Well,

Jordan  2:34:10
no. And like, how would Adan expect that Maddie has knowledge of this thing he posted on Facebook? He didn't expect it. Now, of course, I thought he was going to get away with saying something that would be offensive to most people. This belief that Rob allegedly has, and then they be like, Oh, that is a crazy idea that Rob has to be you have demonstrated that he is not trustworthy. Yep. But instead he gets confronted with you believe the same thing.

Jordan  2:34:37
I mean, it's just it is just amazing. Yeah, it's just amazing for a human being to be

Jordan  2:34:42
Yeah, yeah. And it's even more amazing because Rob, when he was there, raising these concerns about Wolfgang Adan decided that the best course of action would be to make fun of him. Oh my god.

Chris Mattei  2:34:58
Your general rocket question that he raised concerns about relying on Mr. Halbig as a source for the claim that that Sandy Hook was scripted.

Adan Salazar  2:35:10
I believe by brushed it off. I might have poked fun at him for, for saying that.

Chris Mattei  2:35:20
Did you report his concerns to anybody else at Infowars? No. Do you recall saying in his presence that you wanted to have t shirts and bumper stickers made and have printed on those T shirts and bumper stickers? How big was right? Have those T shirts or bumper stickers made? No. Did you say that? You believed in fact Mr. Helbig was right.

Adan Salazar  2:35:51
I I tend not to like throw my beliefs behind everything fully. So it's possible that he could have been correct. And I just know that it was getting under his under Jacobson's craw to say that he was right. So I kind of threw that in there. As a joke, but also half serious. See, it's

Jordan  2:36:13
a joke, but it's also kind of serious. Oh my god, I'm kind of making this point. But it's also a joke. I want to have entire plausible deniability about this stuff. But I also really want the benefits of people thinking that I'm serious about it when they're available.

Jordan  2:36:27
How is it that a human being can lay out this clear a pattern of behavior that you engaged in? That is so obviously everything wrong? And not be like, now I get it?

Jordan  2:36:43
Right? Well, because you know, to go, you know, going in that what you already bullshit. Yeah, exactly. I think that that moment of, like, you know, the constant banging your head against the wall of like, you had these things that you were bringing up about anomalies, Sandy Hook, but you weren't making a point, you didn't have a conclusion of like, the foreknowledge. Like if he realized the thing that was laid out about 911 at the beginning of the like, Yeah, I had anomalies and it made me Yeah, government did it totally. Like, it just there should be a moment where it's like, Fuck,

Jordan  2:37:19
yeah, absolutely. That's what I want. Yeah, I just want that moment like with with Norm, dropping his bullshit like, to me, that's the moment that I really want is when you finally admit that you're an ad

Jordan  2:37:30
I might have boxed myself Exactly. can't exist in this space and make any sense.

Jordan  2:37:35
You did this to yourself? Yeah. A decade of

Jordan  2:37:38
working at Infowars causes no problems because no one gives a shit. No one is monitoring your work. I've never been asked a follow up question about like integrity, and the point doesn't matter. Nope. But yeah, when you're when you're asked follow up questions when you're in a place where people don't believe your nonsense. Yep. It's you can't do it. It's hard now. Yeah. Also, this was really funny. I mean, it's not funny because the result of it but being said Adan is very fun.

Chris Mattei  2:38:08
Okay. Up until relatively recently, you had a pinned tweet to the top of your Twitter account, which was a link to your first ever article about Wolfgang Halbig, introducing him to the Infowars. Audience, correct.

Adan Salazar  2:38:24
I don't recall a pin tweet about how big but maybe I don't I don't know why I'd be publishing that on Twitter in 2018 or 2019.

Chris Mattei  2:38:33
Okay. Good question showing you exhibit number 19. A Oh, my God. This is the only page of your Twitter account, correct? Yes. Okay. And you joined in September 2017. Right. Okay. Yes. And then you have a pinned tweet at the top of your account. Which according to the page was posted on April 17 2018, correct. Oh, my God. Yes. And you can see the partial headline their school shooting expert threatened over Sandy Hook. That's the first article you ever wrote concerning Mr. Helbig. Correct. Yes, that's it. So at least as of 2018, you were leading your Twitter landing page with an article in which Mr. Halbig referred to Sandy Hook is a scripted event, correct?

Adan Salazar  2:39:37
Objection. It appears I pinned the tweet to the top of my Twitter account on April 17 2018,

Chris Mattei  2:39:49
and the pain linked to an article in which Mr. Halbig refer to Sandy Hook as a scripted event Correct?

Adan Salazar  2:39:57
Yes, the article is about That's the one we covered earlier actually. Yeah. Yeah,

Jordan  2:40:04
boy, well, I have I guess I did. I guess I did do that. Boy, why did you? Why did I post that article in 2018. and pin it is my top tweet on my account.

Jordan  2:40:16
Mr. Matty, I'm I'm starting to see a pattern of behavior here. So you ask me a question that I answer it. And then whenever I answer it, you pull out a exhibit, proving the opposite, or at least something different from what I said, is it

Jordan  2:40:30
too late for me to blame this on them? Not training me?

Jordan  2:40:33
How have you considered telling me what your exhibits are? Before you ask the question? Then I will be able to answer truthfully.

Jordan  2:40:43
So we have one last thing that comes up while the last line of questioning Yeah, that has to do with a Don writing. The FBI says no one was killed at Sandy Hook. Right? That article that was one of the most popular stories ever drove a massive spike in traffic. went all over social media was a huge thing for Infowars. And yeah, it was all just based on a one table from a report that Adan found. Somehow I'll buy gas in

Chris Mattei  2:41:15
your article in which you reported that the FBI had reported zero murders in Newtown for 2012. You cited a a table eight from from that report.

Norm Pattis  2:41:42
Correct. Your call that

Adan Salazar  2:41:44
might have been tabled. Okay.

Chris Mattei  2:41:46
And I'm gonna pull that up for you. That's 25 B. And I'll acknowledge Mr. Salazar that because of the way this was PDF, is kind of partly cut off on the left side, but we'll be able to see what we need to see. You recall this, the look of this graphic, Heather, you included that in your article, did you not? Yes. And if you go down to

Chris Mattei  2:42:18
page two, the new town row. Now, I'll concede that the end is cut off. But if we can just accept for purposes of this, that this is the new town row, you see that zero are recorded in that particular row for murders and non negligent manslaughter for that year, correct? Yes, I see that. And that was the quote anomaly you're reporting on, right? Yes. But you didn't look in any other part of the report to see if the deaths that occurred in Newtown at the Sandy Hook shooting were in fact reported in another section. Did you action?

Adan Salazar  2:42:55
I didn't think there would be another term for what happened at Sandy Hook. Murder would encompass the whole thing. So no, any further further, other definitions or other places?

Chris Mattei  2:43:16
You didn't look any further to see whether those murders were reported under a different law enforcement organization that had jurisdiction to investigate them correct? Objection.

Adan Salazar  2:43:28
I only was reporting on what the FBI was saying in this report.

Chris Mattei  2:43:32
Well, that's what I'm asking that question. This report wasn't just table eight, correct. There were other parts of the report. Did you know that?

Adan Salazar  2:43:41
Objection. I figured there's one through seven at least. Have you noticed table eight? So we're on one through seven? Exists probably somewhere.

Chris Mattei  2:43:52
And you didn't think to look for table nine or table 10? Or any other tables? Right. Oh, objection.

Adan Salazar  2:43:58
I think my story was mainly about table eight. So I didn't go through the entire list of tables that the FBI has.

Jordan  2:44:08
So I was listening to this. And it just kind of struck me how clearly this demonstrates that there's no curiosity Nope, because curiosity isn't useful for someone like Adan like when your job is to write a story about a predetermined thing. Curiosity is just going to get in the way in order to do the work that he has done and is doing. You have to actively not ask questions. You have to actively not question events. You're branding yourself in some way as like, we are out there. You know, we're questioning things. But this is literally not asking questions. It's stopping yourself from asking a natural questions that one would have upon finding information. Yeah, it's wild. I just I don't understand how they can't like understand not Not that they don't understand it, but I don't understand how they can't see how transparent that is.

Jordan  2:45:05
Well, what's interesting to me about that is I feel like it's very similar to why they're so susceptible to being trapped in these depositions is because the way their brain thinks is they go into the forest, they get their apple, and then they go back home, you know, like, you could put an apple underneath a box, and I'm talking about this. Now, in real life, you could put an apple underneath the cardboard box with the little thing attached, and they'd be trapped. Every time they go in there, they grab the apple, they'd be like, Ooh, good apple, and then they'd be trapped. It wouldn't be hard. They don't think clearly. Well, words, all of the things they don't think them.

Jordan  2:45:44
Yeah, I just I wonder if it is just the thing of like, no one, no one cares in their in their lives. So yeah. Why would they think that anybody else would see through the the fake game that they're playing? Yeah. If he did

Jordan  2:46:01
have curiosity, it somewhere with deep within him? I really feel like his answer to those would be like, Oh, that would be a good idea to look for a table nine.

Jordan  2:46:11
Right. Ironically, I'm curious about this lack of curiosity. And that is not a healthy place. Where does it come from? Yeah. But he really only was interested in that table because it made his argument. He got an apple. Yeah.

Chris Mattei  2:46:23
You only went to the one table that a tipster pointed out to you correct? Objection.

Adan Salazar  2:46:29
I only went to the table that showed there were zero deaths in Newtown.

Chris Mattei  2:46:34
Right. But you had to have a reason to know that. That's what that table showed. And I think your testimony was that a tipster had provided it to you correct?

Adan Salazar  2:46:44
It was either a tip or something I found on social media. Yeah.

Chris Mattei  2:46:47
Okay. And you only wanted to go to that table, because that's the table that reported zero deaths. Right.

Adan Salazar  2:46:54
That's the only table that pertain to the story I was writing.

Chris Mattei  2:46:59
Yes. Well, the story you were writing, reported that the FBI reported zero deaths in Newtown, correct?

Adan Salazar  2:47:06
Yes. And that's why I pointed the table Late Show and that showed zero that's the new town

Chris Mattei  2:47:12
and and what you were conveying to your audience was? This is an anomaly. If there had been deaths in Newtown, you would expect the FBI to have reported

Jordan  2:47:22
them? Correct. We're trying? Yes. Back down. What

Chris Mattei  2:47:25
you didn't point out was that the FBI did in fact, report them in a separate table in the same report,

Adan's Lawyer  2:47:30
correct production, mischaracterizes the evidence.

Chris Mattei  2:47:33
You didn't point that out to you?

Adan Salazar  2:47:36
I wasn't aware that the FBI had reported the deaths elsewhere. I don't know why they would not list the deaths where it says murders in Newtown zero.

Chris Mattei  2:47:44
You don't know why they might do that. Correct.

Adan Salazar  2:47:47
It seemed like it should all be listed in the table late.

Chris Mattei  2:47:51
And more. Did you ask or make any inquiry about whether those deaths may have been reported elsewhere in the same report? Correct.

Adan Salazar  2:47:59
I didn't ask the FBI if that's what you're asking.

Chris Mattei  2:48:02
You didn't ask anybody.

Jordan  2:48:04
This is a dangerously uncurious and unserious person.

Jordan  2:48:08
That's insane. Yeah, that's bananas. I feel like he's now a completely unique person to me. I don't know how this person exists now. Like, how do you get how do you tie your shoes? Oh, my God. So did you think that there could be a table nine or they could report it anywhere else? I don't know why they would. You can answer that question. Right? You can go be like, why would you then find the answer things

Jordan  2:48:35
that you don't know. If they aren't like it? Like necessarily in your interest? It's a dead end. Yeah. There's no reason to explore this. Because the only thing you could possibly find ruins the ability to use this for your purposes, which is

Jordan  2:48:51
what they won't just come out and say, right, yeah, but it's pretty obvious. If I looked any further, I would find out that I'm lying. And I don't want to do it because I want to possibly deny that

Jordan  2:49:00
I'm like, I would get past the point of plausible deniability.

Jordan  2:49:03
I get that we're in trouble, like these emails, you keep reading back to me.

Jordan  2:49:08
So speaking of emails, I'm going to skip this next clip, because it's long, and honestly, I only kept it in for one reason. And it's because it was an email that he sent to his cousin. That was about the cyclists who are going from New Town to Washington to like, bring attention to gun legislation. And he sent an article about it and the headline was, fuck the cycle.

Jordan  2:49:31
That's pretty good. I'll take that one.

Jordan  2:49:34
Yeah, but it's a long clip. We can skip it. Yeah. So the subject comes up. As as we're dismounting here of a documentary that Infowars had promoted called we need to talk about Sandy Hook. And here's the dawn sense of what happened there.

Chris Mattei  2:49:51
You familiar with the documentary we need to talk about Sandy Hook.

Adan Salazar  2:49:59
I believe I tried to get get through it. It was so long that I probably just got through the 30 minutes worth of it or something. Yeah. Fair. Remember, familiar with the documentary?

Chris Mattei  2:50:09
Okay. And you didn't have anything to do with making that documentary? Did

Chris Mattei  2:50:17
you know sir? Did you promote that documentary on your social media? Platforms?

Adan Salazar  2:50:27
I might have. I can't recall.

Norm Pattis  2:50:41
Do you know whether

Chris Mattei  2:50:43
Infowars ever promoted that documentary?

Adan Salazar  2:50:46
I believe I wrote an article about it when it was taken off of Vimeo or something. Other than that, I don't think we promoted it wrote about volume. Oh, my God, he censored.

Chris Mattei  2:51:01
Okay. Did you express your own disagreement with the fact that certain platforms had chosen not to publish it?

Adan Salazar  2:51:11
Well, I did write an article about it. I don't know if I express a personal opinion in that article.

Chris Mattei  2:51:17
Did you know at the time that the we need to talk about Sandy Hook documentary presented the view that Sandy Hook and that in fact occurred?

Adan Salazar  2:51:29
I figured that was a central tenet of of the documentary, but I didn't watch it in its entirety. So I kind of had to just guess that that was what they were going for.

Chris Mattei  2:51:39
Okay. And you reported that in in your coverage of the ban?

Jordan  2:51:44
I believe so. Okay, on December 2 2014 Infowars, posted the video of this documentary on their site with the sub headline quote, documentary blows the lid off suspected Sandy Hook cover up. The article includes this, which sounds pretty laudatory, quote A loose coalition of concerned citizen journalists known as the independent media solidarity have produced an in depth well researched documentary regarding the countless anomalies, inconsistencies and discrepancies evident in the Sandy Hook school shooting investigation. The video is a tell all leave no stone unturned work that coalesces hundreds of data points, which researchers laborious Lee spent countless hours compiling. That certainly sounds like what you might write if the video was too long, you couldn't even make it through the whole thing and you can't even really nail down what the point of it was. Also, the article includes this update, quote, a previous version of this video was removed from YouTube due to a copyright claim by Lenny Posner. Posner is reportedly the parent of one of the children supposedly killed at Sandy Hook, reportedly and supposedly both and that sentence is pretty over, over go. Fuck. Well, if that's the article that Adan wrote, they make themselves look quite a bit worse. Yeah,

Jordan  2:52:54
yeah, man, he should have watched the last 10 minutes of that documentary because they they go ha ha ha, ha, ha. fooled. Yeah. And then we were

Jordan  2:53:02
just doing this to fuck with Rob Jacobs. And this is all fun with Rob. So Maddie is done with his questioning. And unlike some of the other depositions here at the end, the defense lawyer asks a couple of questions. And so the first one has to do with that. Only using table eight. Yeah, of the FBI. Let's hear that. That's,

Adan's Lawyer  2:53:22
there were some questions about this. Table eight. At the time you reviewed table in back in 2014. Did you have any reason to doubt that the number for Newtown as zero was accurate?

Jordan  2:53:42
No, that's bullshit. Yeah, Adan absolutely had reason to question the interpretation of the table given here because the rest of the world was saying that these kids did in fact die. There is a direct contradiction here in any curious person would see that table and it wouldn't even really be a choice to question things. It would just be a reaction, you'd start asking yourself things like how is this possible? Is there information I'm missing? What's the context here? Is it possible for both this table to be accurate and the shooting happened as was reported, the not questioning is actually a choice a Don is making and he does that because if he scratched even an inch below the surface, he couldn't make the insane claims that he does make for a living. He is woefully unqualified and doesn't have the tools to be in the role he pretends to be in, which is that of a writer and reporter Yeah, that ability to turn off the instinct to question things when something conforms to your narrative while simultaneously yelling at your audience about how you're the people who question things. That ability actually makes him a perfectly qualified to be an in house liar at Infowars. Yeah. So he better hope they don't go out of business because there's not many other games in town. Yeah,

Jordan  2:54:46
that's the way to No, no, no, but they don't pay. Well. No, no. See, see. See, the problem is all right. I just misread it. I didn't know it was table eight. I thought it was table infinity. So of course I didn't think there were one one through seven. This is all the tables. Yeah,

Jordan  2:55:02
I didn't think there were imaginary number tables. Yeah. Come on, man. So here's the last clip. The defense lawyer also has a question about his research that he did about the qualifications presented by Wolfgang. Let's hear

Jordan  2:55:13
this.

Adan's Lawyer  2:55:14
Switching over to Mr. How big. There was some. You don't have to have that open anymore. There was some discussion of an email you received questioning his credentials. Do you recall that? Yes, I recall it. Now, when you first wrote about Mr. Halbig, you referenced one website, but was that necessarily the entirety of your research?

Adan Salazar  2:55:41
I can't recall how much research I did. I know that one website did probably provide a majority of the credentials that I credited attend.

Adan's Lawyer  2:55:52
But is it possible you could have come across, say Orlando Sentinel articles from the 90s, referring to him as a director of security for Seminole schools? Injection? Articles in the LA Times mentioning them in the late 90s, early 2000s injection?

Jordan  2:56:13
Possible. This is fishy.

Jordan  2:56:18
Yeah, I love it.

Jordan  2:56:19
Is it possible that you could testify better here use this? Okay,

Jordan  2:56:24
excuse me, my own witness? Could you do a better job? Let me give you an up.

Jordan  2:56:31
Yes, she's this correct would be a better answer for you. Wow. Yeah.

Jordan  2:56:35
If you would prepare for that, then you would have had that in the can maybe that's if your lawyer knows that, then you should know that. Oh, you would hope. Why is this hard? I feel like this is not that hard.

Jordan  2:56:49
So we reached the end of this deposition of a Don Salazar. And like I said this peeled away a bit of the muscles around him and sort of I don't know what sense of menace that I felt about his body of work. Yeah, definitely. I think he's defanged a little bit in my mind.

Jordan  2:57:07
Yeah. It's like if the Wizard of Oz was revealed to be a puddle of mayonnaise that could handle a lever.

Jordan  2:57:14
Yeah. Maybe part of it was just because he was the one who was following us. And then maybe that is kind of part of the manosphere felt better. I mean, whatever the case, I feel like, you know, the way he answered questions the way this this is all processed. Yeah. Is very sad, transparent, and I think unnecessary. He didn't have to answer any of these questions this way. Nope. Nope. He clearly has a interest in the company like he's a company guy like, Paul. I think, you know, we covered his deposition. Certainly, I hate Paul Joseph Watson, but we weren't as cruel about that, because he comported himself decently. Yep. This was, you know, there is there is obviously more actions that Adan Salazar took in the past that are relevant to this case. And that is unique. It for his position as some being deposed. But there is such a refusal to accept reality. Yeah, in the like, No, I wasn't making a point. It's just a weird coincidence. Stop it like that stuff is a commodity, you're a child. It makes it makes you lose a little bit of respect, even as a villain. Yeah. You can't Yeah, you can't just be like, Yeah, this is what I was thinking at the time. I found out I was wrong. And Brian or whatever, right? There's a way to do this. That isn't like completely disqualifying. Yeah, he failed to know.

Jordan  2:58:43
It is like he was trying to half lie about everything. Like I'm gonna try and obfuscate just enough like, Yeah, I'll say yes or no, but whenever they want to get me on something, I'll be like, I don't recall or something like that. That's just

Jordan  2:58:57
accidental revelations of like, it was my vested interest in questioning the reality of Sandy Hook had to do with my fear of them using it against guns. Yep. Like, there's stuff like that. That's just like, damn, can't be real. How can you be so slippery about a bunch of these other things? And then just give that give

Jordan  2:59:14
it away? Give it all away.

Jordan  2:59:16
It's very weird, wild. Anyway, we have a bit more where this came from. Oh, yeah. There's a board deposition coming up in the future because that's bottom feeders we got to do feeding on

Jordan  2:59:27
the bottom. Yeah, being there isn't quite immediately after being called a bottom feeder to then talk about a Don's Aladar Salazar doesn't make me feel great. But you know, there are worse things. Sure.

Jordan  2:59:40
Anyway, I mean, we'll be back with another episode in the near future indeed. But until then, we have website

Jordan  2:59:47
we do acknowledge.com We're also on Twitter. We are on Twitter at that knowledge underscore fight and ah,

Jordan  2:59:53
someone's been fine. Oh. We'll be back but until Then I'm Neo. I'm Leo. I'm dz X Clarke. I run a cooperative in my brain where people are free to squat. It's an artist's space share does not really so much a thing where a charge rent right? Barter is acceptable right? Don't know if you're comfortable with the sex robots. Andy in Kansas, you're on the air. Thanks for holding. Well, Alex, I'm a first time caller. I'm a huge fan. I love your work.
