Alex Jones  00:04
Red Alert. Red Alert running knowledge five days Damn, Jordan wedding knowledge body.com It's time to pray. I have great respect for knowledge like knowledge. I'm sick of them posing as if they're the good guys Shang V or the bad guy knowledge. Dan and Jordan knowledge fight need money Andy and Andy are stopping Andy and Cam handy in Kansas. Bray Andy in Kansas, you're on the airplane for huge fan I love your world. Knowledge by now knowledge fight.com I love you.

Dan  00:59
Hey everybody, welcome back. No tread. I'm Dan. I'm Jordan. A couple dudes like to sit around feed from the bottom. worship at the altar of saline and talk a little bit about Alex Jones. Oh,

Jordan  01:08
indeed. We are Dan Jordan. Jordan, quick question for you. So what's your prime spot today but

Dan  01:13
my bright spot today Jordan is I was doing laundry and I walked past an apartment on the way to the laundry room and I got that smell a weed. Ah, yes. Yeah. And I immediately said yum, yum, yum.

Jordan  01:27
The indoor weed smell. Yeah,

Dan  01:28
I don't I don't smoke weed anymore. Absolutely. I have in my day, and there is still a fondness that I have for the smell of weed when I hear when I feel when I hear or feel worse. Yeah.

Jordan  01:41
When I hear the smell of weed, the air walks a little bit heavier. And I

Dan  01:46
hear the feeling of the smell. May made me think of those days back when I was living in apartments. Yeah. And like you just come up with these like, Alright, here's how I'm going to get away with smoking weed secret. totally illegal and then one lease on me. Yep. And then you'd have those like toilet paper tubes with fabric softener sheets. Yep.

Jordan  02:08
Yep. We like I'm totally cool. Matt is that was like laundry. That was the worst idea anybody's ever had. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's good. You know, that's weird. I have zero fond memories of all the times that I've smoked indoor cigarettes and doors, you know, like the stink of that gets inside the walls. Yeah, that kind of thing. Yeah. And the stink with weed smoke. I do. Remember fine. It still gets inside the walls, but it's like a weird funhouse version of

Dan  02:38
inside the wall. The flip side of that though, is if you spill Bong Water on

Jordan  02:42
a row, that's an issue. Yeah, that's, that's a problem needs to be solved with fine right.

Dan  02:46
That's right. wistful for those? Those old days.

Jordan  02:51
I recognize that.

Dan  02:52
What about you? What's your brightspot

Jordan  02:53
My brightspot DN is that the World Series? They're playing it?

Dan  02:58
Yes. They are happening. I understand the Phillies are playing.

Jordan  03:01
Yeah. It's the Phillies versus the Astros stroke. Yeah. Is his favorite team. Yeah, Astros cheaters liars sort of been in the World Series and all that stuff. Boo.

Dan  03:14
Sure. Recently, right. Yeah.

Jordan  03:17
Oh, they've won. What? Two out of the past six years. Oh, geez. Maybe three more? Yeah, they want a lot good for them. No, not good. Oh, cheaters. Cheaters and liars.

Dan  03:29
But very exciting. Still baseball.

Jordan  03:31
Yeah, it's great. My favorite players on the Phillies show. No Kyle Schwarber Schwarber noted cubs hero for the 2016 World Series.

Dan  03:41
Sure. Talk about Shohei Ohtani.

Jordan  03:45
Showing Otani is like a god can't be your hero. You know like your hero is killing needs to be a human. Exactly can't be can't be Zeus. Nobody's like oh Zeus is

Dan  03:55
the great Tality is required. Absolutely for idolizing indeed and

Jordan  03:59
Schwarber is my favorite kind of baseball player it's the kind of guy that only exists in baseball you know somebody baseball player you know know somebody who's very big, mostly uncoordinated, but hits balls far it is that kind of guy who can't run very fast case people who are like the DH Yeah, absolutely. But God damn it if he's a big dude who hits balls far

Dan  04:21
right? I'm thinking right like big Big Papi Ortiz

Jordan  04:25
that is a little bit different. Yeah, Big Papi was he was gonna hit her. He was a big dude but he was also a good hitter. Yeah, I'm talking more about your Adam Dunn types. A guy who's like six foot five. He swings a beautiful bat and he's gonna miss it. 99% of the planet. It's

Dan  04:40
a hit. Oh, it's gone. To like one of those people who's like not a great boxer. But if they hit you,

Jordan  04:45
you're dead. Yeah, absolutely. He's got one punch and if it connects, you're in the stratosphere but otherwise you want yeah. Is that kind of thing that

Dan  04:53
is that is a fun sort of athlete because it is like the tension is like always high. Yeah. Because this this could be over.

Jordan  05:02
Absolutely. It's a

Jordan  05:03
it's baseball has those guys you know like Well another subset of that guy is the big fat guy who can throw hard right? You know he's left handed pitcher. He's huge can't run for shit but god dammit he throws 95 What are you gonna do? Put them on the mound Magic Arm? Yep, put them on the mound.

Dan  05:18
I have an affinity for the Phillies for no reason. Actually, it's my old roommate. It was a big he's from Philly. Ah, yeah. And he was talking about it quite a bit. Right. Right. And yeah, I had some good times walking, Sixers games with him in the league. Phillies games.

Jordan  05:35
watching sports with Phillies fan is is a lot of fun. As long as they're winning. Yes, yes. Then it's great.

Dan  05:41
Thankfully, he was more of a sad when they lose than angry. Oh, that's so that made the living situation a little bit more tangible. Yeah. So Jordan, today we have an episode to go over. As we know, Alex has been on a permanent Roman Holiday vacation indeed, for a bit. And so at this point, as we come into the week, we still don't know what to do. Thankfully, we have depositions. Yay. So

Jordan  06:13
weird. Yeah,

Dan  06:14
I had kind of thought maybe we would wait a little bit longer to do this. But hey, the the occasion is here. The space needs to be filled. And people enjoy it telehealth, inexplicably. So in the Connecticut case, Alex had four days of depositions. So we have that to cover. And that is impossible to do in the context of one episode. So today, we'll be talking about day one of Alex's deposition in the Connecticut case. And I should say, just to give some clarity for this, this is the deposition that he did after faking a illness do not go to Connecticut to sit for the deposition. Right? Right. Dr. Marbles gave him that weird diagnosis. And then it turned out he had a sinus blockage. You know, he had a little stuffy nose.

Jordan  07:05
I think if I were, I think if I were devising a hell for Alex, it would be like waking up on Monday and being told you're going to do four days of depositions. And then waking up the next Monday and being told you're going to do for it forever and ever and ever. You know, like it's never ending. Let

Dan  07:22
me be straight about something. Yeah, these are not four straight days of deposition disappointing. I wanted to never end because I believe in the second day of deposition, they talk about how they had to reschedule because Alex wanted to go to Hawaii with his wife wearing a shirt, luxury resort.

Jordan  07:37
I mean, I can't I can't let go from Making a Murderer interrogations to this shit. You know, like, that's not okay.

Dan  07:45
Another thing I should point out is that there's a couple of things that will become abundantly clear as we go through this. And one is that Alex hasn't learned anything from any of these deposition experiences he's had that sounds right. He's still evading and answering questions in ways that are like, well, maybe that made sense in the first deposition. Right. I've since been asked this question and told the answer, right. So you can't really say I don't know the time has packed a little silly. Yeah. And then the other thing is that Alex Hates Chris Maddie. It's very clear. I don't think that it would be fair to say that he liked mark. But he very seriously, Chris, Maddie. I'm not sure why. They clearly say that they have not met before. Alex is fucking mad at him.

Jordan  08:36
Yeah, I could see that. I could see that. I think Mark has something that Alex begrudgingly is like, in another world. You know, that Perry Mason moment thing? You know, like in another world? I could see me you knew big Fred's that kind of thing.

Dan  08:49
Sort of like Owens. game recognize game? Yes. Yes. Absolutely.

Dan  08:56
Yeah, it could be. I think I think it's more that I had to guess. I would guess that it's that Chris. Matty is much more of what appears to be a normal lawyer. Right, then then Mark. Mark has a kind of rogue ish. vibe to him. Yeah. Whereas Maddie is is Suit Tie lawyer. Right? And maybe Alex really hates that. Because he's sitting next to norm

Jordan  09:23
like, here's, here's how I put it. Okay. So Maddie and mark both lawyers now. All right. We go into a Mad Max scenario, Mark might still be a lawyer in that scenario. I think Maddie is not going to be a lawyer. I know. He's, he's he's in the front of the truck, you know, and

Dan  09:38
I accidentally touched on another dynamic here and that is the norm is there. Yeah, that's unfortunate. Boy, there are a couple points where norm seems to just want to have fun. It's great. Inappropriate Goodwick. Anyway, we will get down to business on this in just a moment. But first, Jordan, let's take a little moment to say hello to some new Wong. Oh, that's great idea. So first, I made a dreamy creamy My Pants thank you so much. You are now policy walk.

Alex Jones  10:02
I'm a policy wonk.

Dan  10:03
Thank you very much. Next listening to knowledge right is accidentally trained by dogs peanut, pumpkin and pickle to growl and bark. Whenever Alex starts yelling, thank you so much. You are now policy walk.

Alex Jones  10:12
I'm a policy wonk. Thank

Jordan  10:13
you very much.

Dan  10:14
That is actually why we started the podcast. I

Jordan  10:16
will help for future breakings if Alex breaks into your place when the

Dan  10:20
safety and the judgments come down, and Alex resorts to crime? Yes, absolutely. Next, he puts his hands in his pockets wear sunglasses and does cool. Thank you so much. You are now policy Wong.

Alex Jones  10:31
I'm a policy wonk. Thank

Jordan  10:32
you very much, famously,

Dan  10:33
of course, is my description of orange Cassidy's character. pro wrestler orange Cassidy. Gotcha. That was the extent to which I understood him when I went on Marty

Jordan  10:42
and Sarah Lo, gotcha. I was wondering whether that was gonna

Dan  10:45
Yeah. And we got some technocrats in the mix to Jordan. So first, partner patches, CPA, thank you so much. You are now technocrat partner patches. Japan, known. All right, blue family. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Next, Mrs. Jones is tennis partner. Thank you so much. You are now technocrat. And Russell from Kansas, thank you so much. You are now a technocrat.

Alex Jones  11:08
I'm a policy wonk. Telling you brilliant someone Someone saw tonight sent me a bucket of poop daddy sharp. Jar Jar Binks has a Caribbean black action. He's a loser, little little teeny, baby. I don't want to hate black people. I renounced Jesus Christ.

Dan  11:28
Thank you so much. Thank you very much. So Jordan, the in the beginning of this deposition is of course, some of the formalities and such and they're bits cut out. And that's like his, his address and these kinds of things, discussing how he sold his house, right? And what have you. And so we're not going to deal with any of that, just because there isn't anything really to discuss. He has a house. The first clip we're gonna have here is I thought I found this to be a little bit of a non sequitur, but it also sets a bit of a tone. And that is that like, almost every question is probably going to be a trap out. Right? Right. Know that ahead of time. Gotcha.

Chris Mattei  12:12
Did you have a photographic memory?

Alex Jones  12:14
No, I used to have a good memory. Not anymore.

Chris Mattei  12:16
Have you ever told anybody that you have a photographic memory?

Alex Jones  12:18
I've in the past, I did have a very, very good memory. If I tried to commit something to it, I can remember it really well. But it has been like that for about 10 years or so. My question,

Chris Mattei  12:30
though, is whether you've ever told anybody that you have photographic memory.

Alex Jones  12:33
I think I've been hyperbole described myself as having been by when it was 100%.

Chris Mattei  12:39
You did that? When you appeared on the Joe Rogan Experience podcast you told him and his millions of audience members that you had a photographic memory, correct.

Alex Jones  12:47
I don't remember that particularly. 

Chris Mattei  12:49
So you don't have a photographic memory that I don't.

Jordan  12:53
All right. Okay. That's why That's all right. I'm already kind of I get where he's coming from. Hey, Chris, Betty. All right. I'm a shit talker, too. If a lawyer came to me with every time I talk shit, I'd be like, All right. Well, come on a

Dan  13:08
minute one. First of all, there's the dunk of you don't have a photographic memory of that. Yeah. Solid, very solid. That's got to not feel great. Yeah. And then secondarily, what you have is a attempt to be like, Oh, you have a really good memory. You said this thing? Because it helps deflect from the copious amount of times. Alex is gonna say, Oh, I don't remember that. Yeah, absolutely. And it sets the stage. Well, we're gonna hear that a lot.

Jordan  13:39
What number of deposition? Is this total about all day? No, no. All right. Well, it's like Where where are within the the zone of depositions? Are we This isn't his first deposition? No, this isn't his last deposition? Well,

Dan  13:54
I think it's his first deposition in the Connecticut reps. Gotcha. Because it he was saying that he and Maddie haven't met before. Right. Right. So I think it's the first in terms of that, but he's it's definitely after the Texas one show. I mean, it's after the one that I was at. Right, Texas. Gotcha. Sounds like he's been deposed at least a couple times in the Texas one. All

Jordan  14:16
right. So he should be fairly good at this. By now. You'd set that stage. He was someone who liked to learn if Ryan's committed to lifelong learning,

Dan  14:23
right would do much better. So it turns out that Alex did not come alone. to Connecticut. There are people in tow, but he doesn't know who they are.

Chris Mattei  14:33
I understand that. You arrived at our buildings today with somebody who was operating a digital camera devices, right.

Alex Jones  14:42
You made a phone?

Chris Mattei  14:45
Well, where did you arrive at our building with somebody who spoke to him?

Alex Jones  14:49
I believe. Yes. On the phone. Yes. He's that. That's just one of the crew members. What's his name? He's a new guy. I forget his name. It's recent. Wind call him find out who?

Unknown Speaker  15:05
He traveled with you from Texas. Yes. For the purpose of filming you

Alex Jones  15:10
just documenting, in case anything happened. Yeah. Okay.

Chris Mattei  15:15
And do you intend to publish the footage that he shoot one of your broadcasts after this deposition?

Alex Jones  15:21
I don't know. Probably not.

Chris Mattei  15:24
But you want to be prepared to do that? Yes. Okay. And part of the reason you want to be prepared to do that is because you've been raising money from your audience. And you advise them that you need their funds to help finance your litigation, correct? Yes.

Dan  15:40
So I gotta think that's not a compliment that this person that I've flown up to Connecticut with, I don't know their names. Yeah, we barely know who they are. It's a tamp who knows. But that guy,

Jordan  15:52
it sounds like he they flew in completely different parts of the plane, right? They did not. Yeah,

Dan  15:56
I don't think this is true. Yeah. I'm gonna guess that Alex is being just evasive for the sake of it. Right. Like, it's not like it's some kind of a like, like, a damning secret who this person is, I suppose. I don't think it is. Could it be like it's cameraman? Is David Duke or something? Oh, boy. But it's it's a weird thing to be evasive about. Yeah. Who is this person who you have is your camera person.

Jordan  16:25
Ethan Hunt. And they were in a mask. He's on a super secret mission. Okay. He's got to stop. Something else got completely unrelated. But because Alex is his contact through the knowing that hating the globalists, right, he's posing as Alex, completely unrelated thing. Like it's just a coincidence.

Dan  16:45
I think that maybe it's a sign that anybody who has a seniority at Infowars can't take any time off because they need them back at the mothership. As Alex says, that's fair, or I don't know. It's just weird.

Jordan  16:59
Or he just doesn't remember Buckley's name anymore.

Dan  17:01
No. Like this anymore? I don't think. So. This, I believe is a very important early exchange that goes on.

Chris Mattei  17:10
You do text people, don't you? Yes. I mean, you know that we have certain text messages that you've sent, correct?

Alex Jones  17:16
Yeah. I mean, we turn them all over to you guys. And you said we didn't know you defaulted us, because you don't want to be able to put on evidence in front of a jury.

Chris Mattei  17:23
Mr. Jones, when do you think was the first text message you produced to us?

Norm Pattis  17:30
And Chris, you his side of the aisle and the V. I

Chris Mattei  17:34
mean, to counsel you said we. So who did you mean by we Mr. Jones?

Alex Jones  17:38
Well, I mean, I know you thanks for my question. Who did you mean by way? Of I'm confusing your back,

Chris Mattei  17:44
you said we gave you everything who's we?

Alex Jones  17:48
I instructed in these cases, to just turn over whatever it is people said turnover. And you know, it's been a fiasco with hundreds of 1000s of emails, documents, all sorts of crap people searching my phone all the time. I mean, it's just it's in that it's the contentions, I remember was like stuff from years ago, because text messages don't update. People wanting stuff that doesn't exist. But I'm not a big tech guy. And I'm so I don't I don't understand how that stuff works. And I don't know why some people's text messages stay different different services, they're different. Used to, they would disappear a couple of weeks now they go back usually a while. So you're asking me, and it's really a technology issues. The same things happen on the other side, for sure. One person has text messages on their phone, but you don't have them. And I don't I don't understand anybody that has cell phones knows that they're different ones have different things. There's different things going on. And I don't understand it all. But but but as in the case of the emails, we should have just for cost of money been getting rid of them, but we had them going back 15 years, million 10s of millions, obviously, you guys were able to get those. So if anything, we have really no policy at all on data retention. It's just it's just retained, unless you know, things like text messages sometimes don't get saved.

Chris Mattei  19:09
Responses. If you have any knowledge of whether any text message of yours has ever been produced by you, or free speech systems to us, do you have any knowledge of that? I believe they have you believe that they have? What? Do you have any knowledge of that?

Alex Jones  19:27
I don't have any dog not me documents in front of me

Unknown Speaker  19:30
write? I didn't ask you with any documents in front of you. I don't have any knowledge. Okay, you don't have any knowledge of that.

Dan  19:35
So I think this is really critical because a key here is kind of putting aside Alex's bullshit talking points, namely that he complied fully with discovery and that he was defaulted on fairly. By just keeping on target. Maddie is able to get Alex to concede that he has absolutely no idea what text messages were actually turned over to the plaintiffs lawyers. Alex's pronouncements about how much he cooperated are matters of certainty. he when he's rambling on his show, or when he's grandstanding at a disgraceful press conference outside the courtroom, but when he's actually forced to answer yes or no, if he has any idea what he actually did for discovery, he doesn't know anything. This is Alex's answer, because it's less of a problem than him saying that he intentionally withheld things, which seems like a far more likely situation to me at this point. Yeah. So yeah, it's it's good because you know, you have that DOJ have we turned over everything? Sure. What do you know about what you turned out? Why I believe I said that, like, you don't know anything, right? You're just making broad pronouncements about shit. If you if you

Jordan  20:37
did not intentionally withhold things, then your explanation for why they don't have text messages is not the power of magic can compel phones to do any number of different things. And I think

Dan  20:49
a responsible party would be able to say, I looked over my stuff, and on X, Y, or Z date, I informed my lawyers. This I turned it over to them on this day, because then you could start the ball rolling and be like, Alright, then where did the breakdown happen? Did your lawyers not turn over stuff to us that you turned over to them? Right, there's too many open questions in the I believe all this stuff happened. And I think that's kind of intentional. I

Jordan  21:16
think I think quite simply one of the easiest ways to believe anything somebody says about their text messages if there's a text message saying I texted you all of my text messages of some sort, or I have given you all have this information that would be sent via

Dan  21:32
some people's phones don't keep that stuff. Stuff where they text you about the text. Yeah, yeah. T Mobile has a policy of the race. That's a good policy. I like that. So now we get to what is maybe the the classic beginning of a deposition question, which is what did you do to prepare for? Oh, God,

Unknown Speaker  21:51
what do you do to prepare for your deposition today?

Alex Jones  21:58
I mean, really, not much. I don't eat drink and sleep Sandy Hook like you guys are.

Unknown Speaker  22:09
Do you know what I eat? Sleep and drink, sir.

Norm Pattis  22:13
You know, argumentative.

Alex Jones  22:14
I mean, you don't care about Madeleine Albright killing half million kids. You see, you want to just villainize me because I'm a conservative. And I know what it's all political. And I understand who you are, but two years ago, and I literally, you know, remember some of the main contentions, people questioning it, covering it. And then you're thinking, How do I prepare? I have no idea what you're going to ask me in here.

Unknown Speaker  22:34
Well, you have an idea because you've been deposed three times in Texas, don't you?

Alex Jones  22:38
I mean, that's a totally if you can describe Bankston as deposing somebody, I guess. Whatever. I mean, it's just bizarre, but all of this whatever, right,

Unknown Speaker  22:47
Mr. Jones,

Unknown Speaker  22:49
whatever is

Norm Pattis  22:51
the section to form is characterized as a testimony.

Jordan  22:53
He. All right, we're off to a good start. I do

Dan  22:58
wonder what Alex is like, it's pointless argumentativeness That he's engaging in, but I wonder if there's an expectation or a hope that he'll say this. And then the lawyer will be like, You know what? Fucking right. Madeleine Albright? She just died not too long ago. But let's look and sue her first and then take care of you. All were like, is it? Is he hoping some of you like you know what, you're right, Madeleine Albright is a bigger problem. Therefore, this litigation is

Jordan  23:28
over. Right. But like, what's the best case scenario for bringing up Madeleine Albright in this conversation? Is it is it more like he's like, hey, you know what? We're not talking about Madeleine Albright. Right now. We're talking about you. And then it can be like a high political, not about Madeleine Albright with you, is it?

Dan  23:48
I think what it is, is that Alex's mind works so much just on the basis of deflection. Yeah, everything just comes down to like, every question is answered with a this thing is this other thing? And you know, I didn't I don't think he can stop himself. I think it's just ingrained behavior, and how he gets out of hard questions in his day to day life. Yeah. And it kind of works when there's no follow up questions, and when you're monologuing. Yeah. Because it doesn't really work in a deposition.

Jordan  24:22
No, I you know, it does. It reminds me of like, you know, a not to bring up the it's not about the divorce. But in the divorce trial, where the lawyer is arguing like on the show, he's one thing and then off the show is another, but the more we hear him in depositions, where he has to not be on the show, or in court when he has to not be on the show. He's on the show, man. Yeah, I don't know if he's ever not on.

Dan  24:49
Well, I think that there's another thing going on here. And that is that by this point Aleksei has had these Texas depositions, the videos of them have been Released on on YouTube, right? And so there's a part of it that he may think like I'm kind of performing here. I and I don't know, I don't know how to the extent to which that would change his behavior. It's possible that dynamics there.

Jordan  25:15
Yeah, we really will have to, like straight up Truman Show him in order to observe him in his natural habits. We

Dan  25:22
have to get rid of all the confounding variable

Jordan  25:24
100%. We have to put him in an ant farm of some sort. Yeah. Where did it study his behavior? Yeah.

Dan  25:30
So like I said, this was the makeup deposition for the one that Alex canceled on when this comes up a little.

Unknown Speaker  25:37
And you feel well today feel pretty good. Your head is clear.

Alex Jones  25:44
I mean, I had a sinus infection and stuff but I'm, I'm almost over.

Unknown Speaker  25:47
I heard about that. In that sinus block is clear up.

Alex Jones  25:51
Well, it was it was very real. I went to the other three depositions, believe me, I knew I was gonna have to come up here about sick last week, but I thought it could have been something else had a bunch of tests done and then figured out it was really bad sinus infection.

Chris Mattei  26:01
But I think the day after you found out it was a sinus blockage. You said your audience that you feel like a new person, right?

Alex Jones  26:08
Yes, I got on steroids. And I was the blockage if you watch the show, you know, that's what I talked about. So you feel good today. I mean, I've still got really bad allergies. And it's about I'm on Claritin. D. Phil, what? Pretty good. A little bit jittery, but I'm alright. Yeah.

Dan  26:27
It's very strange, because he's trying to pretend that he's still recovering from this, whatever I guess. And then Maddie presents him with the you said you were a new person the next day. We're fully over it. Sure. Well, you know, I got allergies, shifting it a little bit. It's, it's a very bizarre need to justify his pretending that he wasn't over whatever he bailed. Yeah, prior for Yeah,

Jordan  26:52
yeah. I feel like I would want to I mean, at that point, I'd be like, Alex, how can I ask you a question that you'll answer? Like, maybe you should you write up a question that you can answer, and I'll kind of see what the vibe on it. We're

Dan  27:06
gonna go through hours of content. question is not answered the How can I ask you a question? Okay. But there's also an element to this that I think that I don't understand why Alex doesn't just say like, if I can ask your questions, you know, like, there's, he stands to lose very little by just being all business. Yeah, he's already in the soup up to his thorax. Yeah. And you know, he's not going to bail himself out. There's not going to be like some escape hatch. He's going to find right by saying just the right evasive thing. Right. Right. Right. It would just serve everyone's purposes better if you're just like, Alright, let's do this. Dude. Dude, dude, dude. Right, dude. Right? And even if you have to be kind of a blunt dick, in order to do that it's your images is already shot. Yeah, yeah, just be an asshole. We're

Jordan  27:58
we're we're all kind of watching Alex in the bottom of an hourglass as it fills with sand. And he's like struggling to get out and he thinks he's gonna get out. And as we all watch it like that. The sands just gonna cover your neck. Man, you're gone. You're done. For now, you might as well relax and join infinity like Toy Story three.

Dan  28:17
So the question comes up of whether or not Alex will appear in court. And I gotta say, I kind of agree with him on on this one. In that he says Not if I don't have to. I don't I don't want to be that's a really good point. And then, you know, just rambles.

Chris Mattei  28:33
The testimony that you give in this case could be presented to a jury. Do you understand that? Yes. And that jury is going to be sitting in Waterbury, Connecticut. Do you understand that? Yes. All right. And the trial in this matter is currently scheduled for September. You know that? Yes. You plan to appear for that trial?

Alex Jones  28:51
I'm gonna need to

Unknown Speaker  28:52
be I will. Okay. Well, you're a defendant in the case. Right? Well, I

Alex Jones  28:56
mean, I believe it's rigged. And so I mean, you guys are going to rig your deal.

Unknown Speaker  29:01
It's like your think the jury is rigged. Projection. He's

Norm Pattis  29:04
not finished with the action.

Alex Jones  29:07
Since when there's somebody guilty, and then a jury decides how guilty and and even in Texas they're pushing where we came and did like, defend ourselves. So I mean, if you got to think that's America, you guys have got all these big ideas and stuff. And you know, just just just to me, I've had family with cancer and people die and really bad stuff in my life. So this is nothing. This is just a bunch of politicians and lawyers that want to make money and become famous off of dead kids. While claiming I'm the one that got famous off a sandy hook, when it's completely opposite. All Sandy hooks done is hurt me from the first times I questioned it.

Chris Mattei  29:44
Because non response and Jones do you plan to appear to testify in front of the jury in September?

Alex Jones  29:51
If if I need to be there, I will be there. Yes.

Chris Mattei  29:55
You prefer not to be there. Jackson

Alex Jones  30:01
I would prefer not to be there.

Dan  30:02
That that's a great honest.

Jordan  30:05
That's the most honest answer. I mean, even Yeah, doesn't matter. It doesn't matter if you fully accepted responsibility for what's happened or no, like, there's no way you would want to be there. Yeah, well, I'm a monster. I'm a bad person now.

Dan  30:17
Actually, yes, Alex's presentation should be Yes, I do want to be one to prove my innocence. Actually, I want to these, the how I'm being wrong. Public. Absolutely, you know, but on a very human level, of course, I don't want to fuck up.

Jordan  30:34
I mean, even then, even if you're fighting your good name, you know, like, on a human level, I don't want to be in a situation where I have to fight for my good name. You know, like, I wish I would like to be on a beach somewhere. That's, that's a reasonable response, all things

Dan  30:46
being equal, I don't want to be there. But now that the situation is what it is, like, should want to absolutely stand up and prove that he can look the firing squad in the face

Jordan  30:58
now that I have no choice. But to be there, then yes, I want to be there.

Dan  31:04
But of course, the case is a setup, naturally, except it's not why. And so Maddie decides to explain to Alex a little bit of why the default happened. And this turns

Jordan  31:16
ugly. Yeah. I don't know if that was a wise choice. Well, it's

Dan  31:20
good to get it out there fair. And make sure that Alex understands these things can you know, but there are a couple points in this deposition where I got like, really deeply uncomfortable. And this was one of them. I was like, already, we are off the rails.

Chris Mattei  31:35
Mr. Jones, you understand that you are defaulted by the court here. For among other things, presenting fabricated financial information from your company. Do you understand that? That's not true, though. Do you understand? That's what the court found? Yes. Okay. Do you understand that you were defaulted for refusing to present to produce to the plaintiffs analytics information about your website performance? Do you understand that? That's not true. Do you understand that? That's why one of the reasons you were defaulted.

Alex Jones  32:06
I understand that, that that the judge made what I believe to be a fraudulent ruling.

Chris Mattei  32:10
Okay. And and that's judge Bellis right.

Alex Jones  32:14
Yeah. Judge bellows his best friends was one of your main partners here that one

Unknown Speaker  32:17
Oh, how did you find that out?

Alex Jones  32:19
Oh, we're we know a lot. Oh, you

Unknown Speaker  32:20
do? Who which partner, but we'll just go ahead Mr. Jones, which partner is just tell us

Alex Jones  32:25
when it hits the news.

Chris Mattei  32:27
Which partner of mine is Judge Barbara Bellis best friends with I forget. Oh, okay. Mr. Joey's Do you? Can you Can we can we can call for one. No, we may not. We're gonna

Norm Pattis  32:39
check to this night. commentary on Mr. Jones remarks. They may not. I'm not looking

Chris Mattei  32:45
to pick a fight with you. Okay. Well, I asked Mr. Jones, whether he could support his claim just now that he made any casting aspersion on the presiding judge, and he said that he could not remember. And I said, Oh, yeah. All right. Well, we're gonna go and continue. Mr. Jones. So you're you don't remember right, even though you just made an assertion of bias against the presiding judge, claiming that she's best friends with a partner in my office?

Alex Jones  33:12
Well, it's my journalistic privilege, what, from sources to watch or not reveal that?

Chris Mattei  33:18
Okay. I didn't ask who your source was. I asked who the partner was, well, we're

Alex Jones  33:22
not gonna we're not gonna remember that. We're not releasing information just okay. You're a journalist. I do wear journalistic hats. Also, I'm a pundit.

Jordan  33:32
Oh, boy. Oh, my God. Boy,

Dan  33:35
yeah. See, that's that's kind of fun. Because I don't think Alex was expecting that response at all. Nope. He's used to throwing out these accusations. And not like, Oh, what do you mean by that? Shit, oh, I don't want to name a name because then I'm gonna end up in a situation where I'm basically accusing the judge and one of these lawyers of being in a collusion of Yeah, and that might be a problem. I am wondering if

Jordan  34:02
Alex believes like, does he inherently like almost instinctively just hit the mute button whenever he whenever he's talking? And he says something does he accidentally press his finger on the table just to be like, Well, clearly they can't speak.

Dan  34:17
I would imagine I mean, it's it's it's it's outrageous this this response Yeah. It what Yeah. Norms real real weird there with the the way you said, oh, so good.

Jordan  34:33
What degree is norm a lawyer? I feel like this is insane. That we are all pretending Norm has any understanding of what's going on at any point?

Dan  34:44
I think he does. And I think that there probably is actually a an objection to be made there. Under normal circumstances, maybe snide comments are actually a tone problem. Sure. For lawyers in this Setting. Unfortunately, you're deposing Alex fucking Joe.

Jordan  35:03
I mean, I was,

Dan  35:04
he's being a real asshole.

Jordan  35:07
There's never the problem I have is just if I'm a good lawyer, the only thing I keep thinking is I need to make sure Alex says as little as possible. We'll get to that later. And I need to interrupt him at Objection, Your Honor. My defendant is a piece of shit. Like I would throw that out there like fucking watermelons on his face anything to keep him from talking?

Dan  35:27
Well, Norm does basically tell Alex to shut up. Okay, well, that's smart. So but it takes a while to get there. And it might only be because Alex is about to say something that implicates him. All right, let's see minus, minus that Alex? Norman, maybe in self protection mode more than Alex protection. Fair enough. But yeah, that was chaotic. I felt I felt uncomfortable during that. But I like the way that Maddie approached that of the, oh, you're a journalist. There's a nice way of like, we're not landing this plane yet. You think that you've you found this great place where you can stake your claim? And it's going to be safe for you to say like, I'm not going to give up my source? Yeah. Oh, whoops. It's not a source. Yeah. Oh, I am a journal. Oh, you're a journalist. What about how your corporate representatives have consistently testified that you are not a journalist in order to avoid the responsibilities that come with it. I wear that hat.

Jordan  36:19
Yep. Yep. Sometimes I'm abundant girl boy.

Dan  36:23
So we know that Alex got a loan from his dad to start his business. Sure. What we didn't know is some other things that his dad did to help him start his business. Ya know, as it turns out, in the early days of Alex's career, he had his businesses infowars.com or LLC, sure. And prison planet LLC, right under a holding company called Magnolia partners. And here is a little bit of a discussion of what that was, okay.

Chris Mattei  36:56
Are the founder and owner of Infowars health LLC, correct? Yes, Infowars, LLC. Yes. prison planet TV LLC. Now those companies were previously held by Magnolia limited partnership, correct.

Norm Pattis  37:21
All of them Chris, including FSS?

Chris Mattei  37:23
No, I'm sorry. Just Infowars health LLC and forest LLC and prison planet TV LLC.

Alex Jones  37:28
I am not really an expert on these and I get these confused. That's why we had the court with a corporate rep come study at all. And so they would get an exact right. And so that would that would stand on her testimony was?

Chris Mattei  37:40
Well, I'm asking you, what your understanding is, is the owner of these companies, whether they were ever held by Magnolia limited partnership.

Alex Jones  37:52
Magnolia Limited Partnership was a dental company management bank account used to pay employees but my dad, and when I was about 21 or so had like $10,000. And and he said, Hey, this is good business credit. And you can get yourself starting to sell things online. And he's or sell things. And he said, you can have you can have his bank account this company. And that's that's what that Magnolia Limited Partnership was.

Chris Mattei  38:19
Right. And then you use that as a holding company. For the three companies I just mentioned, correct?

Alex Jones  38:27
I really can't tell you that say because I don't know. I mean, I know. I mean, it's on record. I mean, that's.

Dan  38:33
So when you think about getting a loan? Yeah, that's one thing. Right? And that's very helpful. Getting a corporate bank account that has good credit and money. Yeah. And such is an entirely different thing. Like the opportunities that are open to Alex because of his dad bequeathed him this corporate bank account. Yeah, is very, that is a huge privilege that I had a huge step up. Yeah. As opposed to someone else trying to do the sort of thing that he was doing

Jordan  39:08
a small business loan without collateral is either a loan shark, or you're going away with no money, you know, and yeah,

Dan  39:16
the the ability to possibly get items on credit, that you would then resell the ability for him to make his films that he would then resell at

Jordan  39:28
a lower interest rate beyond what can be considered as Yeah,

Dan  39:32
the impact of these things are huge. Yeah. Alex refusing to recognize the ways in which he had shortcuts sure, in his early career, and how those allowed him to create what he was able to create, absolutely, I think is a little bit shitty. And the the awareness of the deepening of that that comes from this is I mean, it just makes his his life and his illusions about himself all the Saturday Yeah,

Jordan  39:57
yeah. No, I came to the thing about He's like, I still can't believe the things that so many people have done for me to get, you know, like for me to go to college, there was a serious number of people who had to step up and do a lot of things to help me out, you know, and even though I absolutely wasted their work, destroyed their ambitions for me and sent them, you know, crying into the bathroom, I will never not recognize what they've done for me and how that's gotten here. You know, like, the idea of me, you know, I would never be like, Oh, I came from nothing. And I'm a self made man. But it's, yeah, it's absurd.

Dan  40:34
Like this podcast, I guess we built entirely sure we could say, Yeah, but it would be ridiculous to imagine that like that, on your side things that things that I'm lucky enough that my parents have been able to help with total, over the course of my life, absolutely facilitate and allow us to ever be in the position 100, where we were even struggling to build this at the beginning. Yeah, yeah. Not taking that into account, I think is really a way to self mythologize in a way that I think

Jordan  41:08
is unhealthy. Yeah, there is. It also goes both ways. You know, you're there is a certain part of that. That's also kind of very helpful. You know, when you were selling your blood, you can also say, if it weren't for my parents, I wouldn't be here now would be selling. Exactly. So it works both ways.

Dan  41:24
So the issue of Google Analytics comes up, and Alex has some interesting answers to whether or not he uses Google Analytics. And that is that in under a minute, he seems to both use them and not have

Unknown Speaker  41:36
it. Yeah. Are you familiar with Google Analytics?

Alex Jones  41:39
I'm familiar with it. Yes.

Chris Mattei  41:42
Google Analytics is a program that allows you to track traffic and other activity on your websites, correct? Yes. And that's that data is something that you've consulted throughout your career to learn about your website's performance, correct? No, you've never looked at Google Analytics data during the course of your career I have. for what purposes,

Alex Jones  42:14
to generally see how popular they should the site is.

Dan  42:19
Okay. Isn't that exactly what you just said? No to?

Jordan  42:22
Well, I didn't look to see how well the site was doing. I look to see how popular the site was amongst people.

Dan  42:30
It's very

Jordan  42:33
different things. All right. So if the site, the site is doing well, I'd be like, Oh, is there 100,000? People? That's a different thing.

Dan  42:43
If you want to check if the site is doing well, you got to check its blood pressure.

Jordan  42:46
Exactly. I'm checking to see how many people are smiling.

Dan  42:51
Very, very bizarre. Yeah. So Alex, I think, realizes that he's in shaky territory here. And so as more questions are there about these statistics, watching them? He launches into his standard patented rant, love it about how you need to bring me the Google Sure, it makes no sense. Bring me Google bring it

Chris Mattei  43:11
to him. I mean, it was obviously important to you to know what your website's performance was, right? Objection.

Alex Jones  43:18
I'm not a traditional corporate mediality pre packages, what they're gonna do and what they're gonna say, and then and then and then tailors it to whatever the corporate bosses say, I'd fly by the seat of my pants when it comes to the finances and analyzing stuff. And I've tried to explain this to you guys. Google Analytics is an interface into Google. So when you say it's just the backend, regular Google search is the front end. So be like, if you ask me what you guys did give us the Google Analytics. It's like saying, Give me the Google. You go in there. And it's just like, rocket science. And the guys Chris Andrews and temper J went to a few meetings with like, search engine optimization, people who don't remember because they wanted to be more professional. And they wanted to try to figure out ways to like bring in outside advertising and things. And so they poked around in there. And I would just like, it's just like, it's literally rocket science. And that's the truth. I did look at Alexa some just to say, hey, wow, look, you know, we're popular this or that? Or to see how stories we got linked to we're working on traffic. I mean, I did oh, it was very that really simple to see. That was it was kind of a public site that was more geared towards understanding things. Google Analytics. It's like saying give me the phonebook. Forgive me the Library of Congress like what will give me the library Congress you're like, Well, what do you want the library Congress? And the emails give us all these emails and we have millions of emails and here they are,

Chris Mattei  44:51
because I can I can tell that your folk To some extent on the material that either has or hasn't been turned over all I'm asking you right now, is whether or not you made efforts to understand how your website was performing. Yes. Okay.

Dan  45:16
Okay. That's all we needed. Instead of that whole two minute rant, you could have just said yes, yeah, yep.

Jordan  45:23
Yep. My partner has taught elementary school before and that that feeling of like, Alex,

Dan  45:32
I understand that you're on you have some feelings about something. That is not what we're talking about this so much that's needed. Yes, or no question the answer to this question, because it's very simple. I

Jordan  45:44
know Larissa has caused problems in the past. But right now we're talking about you.

Dan  45:50
I love the idea too, that like, going into Google Analytics is like rocket science. Oh, that's kind of ridiculous.

Jordan  46:00
Yeah, that is a question that I have is that I feel like it's very clear from the trial. And from these depositions that we've watched that it has been explained to Alex how bad it is for them to know all the Google Analytics data.

Unknown Speaker  46:13
Right? Well,

Jordan  46:14
it has to have been

Dan  46:15
Yes, I believe so. Because it, especially around the time of it's the Prime Minister example. The nobody, the FBI says no one was killed at Sandy Hook article that Alex put out the intense spike that came here from the publication of that article, the then the interview with Wolfgang Halbig, the next day, right, like those trends that you see in that Google Analytics for Alex to be aware of that, and for his dad to have testified that they tried to replicate things that worked. Well, of course, these things don't work to Alex's best interest. Right. So yeah, I would assume that somebody maybe made him aware of the optics of that being incredibly bad.

Jordan  47:03
Right. Right. That's the question that I have is, if that was explained to him, then there has to have been a if there has to have been meetings or something. There had to have been a group of them together. Kind of talking. Right. And I would like to know what else was explained as the line

Dan  47:20
I would imagine isn't maybe a lawyer, maybe a norm? Yeah, conversation? Sure. I don't know, though. I mean, like, we are speculating, we have never

Jordan  47:28
know but that's what I that's what I like to you know, if I had my druthers of if I could be on the wall in these, you know that

Dan  47:35
the things like that the the evasive evasiveness and the ambiguity that's so clear about the Google Analytics, right. And it strikes me the same way as the like, wishy washy. pneus and refusal to say anything specific about like Dan, but donde, right? Right, right, know that these things? Should the facts of them as they are be established, and you have to accept them. You know, that looks terrible, right? You know, looking at what Dan, but donde did, knowing that you told him to do that, and that you probably paid him to do that. Totally. You You know that any right thinking person is going to look at that and be like you paid this man to harass the people in Sandy Hook.

Jordan  48:20
Well, yeah. So I'm gonna say I did. You know,

Dan  48:24
you can't except for that conclusion. And so everything has to be done to sort of wiggle around it

Jordan  48:30
right. And there, there were several of those things that came that were very clear as we go through, like, because there's the company line, you know, if you see Daria, Brittany, and oh, and and everybody say the same thing, then it's kind of clear that it's been disseminated through the group. This is our line. You know, there were a bunch of things, though, where it's like, this could have been the line, or they could have just had no idea that this line of questioning was going to show up. So I would be interested to know what it was that they were prepared for in that way.

Dan  49:03
Sure. I would be interesting. And another thing I think would be interesting is that you can tell if you listen to these, that there are things that they got a great bulk of things that the answers are just I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. And then there are other things where there's a ramp. Yes. And that is notable too. Yeah. I don't know what exactly it means. But yeah, it does give the appearance of that. Yeah. So the question comes up of Hey, buddy, do you know any shows that do what you do? Especially shows of your size? Yeah. And Alex does come up with Glenn Beck Sure. At the time, they were similar size. Yep. Yeah. But the follow up of it any show that you can name talk about Sandy Hook, like you do. Alex has trouble with that. Oh,

Chris Mattei  49:50
at least as of 2012. I mean, there was nobody else in the American media landscape that was due what you were doing fair to say finance to form? No, that's not true. Okay. There who else had an audience of your size in 2012? That was covering things the way you cover them. objection is

Unknown Speaker  50:14
to form Glenn Beck. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  50:18
Anybody else?

Alex Jones  50:20
There were hundreds of popular shows that had substantive audiences.

Chris Mattei  50:26
Anybody anybody else among those shows that had substantive audiences claimed that Sandy Hook was a hoax. That, you know,

Alex Jones  50:35
there there were only there was a show as big as mine, saying that, but but it was definitely a lot of these a lot of people that had radio shows. Thanks.

Chris Mattei  50:44
Can you name me one person who had a radio show? Who claimed that Sandy Hook was a hoax as you sit here today? Other than you?

Alex Jones  50:53
I don't have a computer in front of me. But there were there were there were people that questioned it. Definitely. It was a big controversy. And people that covered the controversy. Garrison Keillor was

Dan  51:03
all over it. Gonna say What else do you got? There was there was a radio host in Lake Wobegon who was really on the cutting edge of this stuff.

Jordan  51:12
I listen, listen,

Jordan  51:13
I know, I know, it sounds weird. But there was a Detroit Tigers broadcast that was strangely enough all about Sandy Hook for a while.

Dan  51:21
This is going to really be shocking. But fresh, was largely about Sandy Hook hoax for about six months.

Jordan  51:32
That'll happen. That'll happen. Fresh air is a little bit weird like that, you know, they have seasons, all things

Dan  51:37
considered. They consider all things I think they do.

Jordan  51:44
If they did consider all things that they would have considered this. So I

Dan  51:48
think it's a tautology, logically,

Jordan  51:50
I think we can conclude that they also spent the same amount of time on it as I did.

Dan  51:55
So there's a discussion about the Second Amendment, of course, because always and those, the expectation that you talk about the importance of the Second Amendment defensively, that Alex is bringing up, right, defensive. Sure. And Maddie gives a couple of points of like, Yeah, but eventually, you're gonna need to fight this oppressive government. Right? Yeah. Ideas, eventually, you're gonna need to use those guns in an offensive manner. You know, there's going to be that the gun is for shooting, and Alex eventually has to give, it'd be like, Yeah, all right, we're gonna have to fight you. That's weird.

Chris Mattei  52:32
As part of this resistance to the global New World Order, you'd agree with me that your view is that an armed populace populace may be necessary to fight them off, correct?

Alex Jones  52:47
Yes, if we get invaded during economic collapse by United Nations forces, they're confiscating our guns and putting us in there in the camps, then people do have a right and a duty to protect themselves in their family. And that's what the second level is enshrined for. It's also the first amendment is enshrined to speak up so we don't ever have to use the second amendment on on a on a wide scale,

Chris Mattei  53:09
because there's nothing that these globalists won't do. Right to achieve global domination. Right.

Alex Jones  53:16
There's not much they won't do it. I

Chris Mattei  53:18
mean, one of the things that you've accused them of doing is manufacturing the COVID crisis as a way to depopulate correct

Alex Jones  53:25
100% It was cooked up by a consortium of globalist 100, percenter Danzig, Bill Gates, and of course, Fauci and and developed at the North Carolina Chapel Hill facility. Then move the 2015 to Wuhan. We have all the documents where they had all the documents. To an aerosolized weapon. Okay. Of course.

Jordan  53:49
Yes, yeah. Naturally, naturally. Yeah.

Dan  53:52
I love that response to him saying these things, because then it's just it rolls off my back like water. You know, the, the, I've got all the documents, the response of you've got all the documents. Like, it's so funny, because you just expect like the could you produce them? Yeah, the answer is, of course, no, of course. I can give it to you tomorrow. Yeah. Right. Right. When I give you a Bloomberg email. So that's fun.

Jordan  54:22
I do appreciate the idea I'd never done it had not occurred to me before that the First Amendment was there to keep the Second Amendment from being used. Ah, see, that makes sense?

Dan  54:34
Well, the Second Amendment is unfortunate. You know, you need it, but it is that of last resort.

Jordan  54:40
There's a certain logic to it. There is you know, like, listen, it's okay to talk right. But when the talk is done, you got to do the shoot and First Amendment's talk and second amendment shoot.

Dan  54:50
Well, here's the reality. The pen is mightier than the sword right but the gun more

Jordan  54:56
powerful than the sword and the pad put it together. Yeah.

Dan  55:00
Um, yeah. All right. Yeah, tongue sword, Pat. Now, I got the tongue and the pen mixed up. But it's all speech. It's there. You know what I'm talking about there. All right, I got the documents, Second Amendment. So you can see there to something that I believe is a thread of questioning that goes on through this. And that is that the globalists will do anything, they will do anything. And so Maddie does line up a list of like these things that Alex has called false flags, you know, Oklahoma City, Columbine, shot all this? And I think part of it is to make it like, why would it be any more extreme for them to do Sandy Hook? Yeah, in your mind? Right. Yeah, he would do anything. It's not really that outside your ideas? Yeah. At all. It's almost a weird sense of like normalizing it within his ideology, right. Because I think he would be adverse to be like, Well, I wouldn't tell you they do this or something. Sure. Like, no, this is right on par with everything that you say.

Jordan  55:59
Right. Right. Right. It's priming him to be more receptive to just be like, Yeah,

Dan  56:04
well, I am defending his own worldview. Sure. You know, I think I think that there's a piece of that whether it's intentional or not interesting. But yeah, goes through a number of these shootings and terrorist false flags that Alex has covered, and one of them stuck out to me.

Chris Mattei  56:22
Then in 2011, you claimed that the shooting of Congresswoman Gabby Giffords, which took the lives of six people and 13 others was a staged? Operation, correct.

Alex Jones  56:37
He was mentally ill and I believe may have been undermined control.

Chris Mattei  56:39
Well, what you said was, it was a staged operation correct.

Alex Jones  56:44
In context, I think I remember saying that. Yes. Yeah.

Chris Mattei  56:47
And and who is it that you said was undermined control

Alex Jones  56:51
of the individual that did the shooting? remember his name? I don't remember.

Unknown Speaker  56:58
He was an audience member of yours. So

Alex Jones  57:01
I don't know that he?

Dan  57:03
Yeah. So there's, there's a couple things here first, is that, you know, Alex has these grandiose ideas about like, oh, this was a Mind Control person, you don't even remember their fucking name? Yeah, you don't care about this at all. You just have like a little bit of a detail that you remember, like, oh, that's what that's what we can say about this. Right? If you actually thought this person was like a mind control subjects who tried to kill a Gabby Giffords and killed a bunch of other people think it would be maybe a more important data point, you know, in the cosmology of your ideas.

Jordan  57:38
I'm gonna throw this up. If you could prove to me that somebody had been mind controlled into attempting to assassinate a political figure. That would be the only thing I'm interested in moving forward, we got to figure out this mind control shit, because I can't trust what anyone is saying to me

Dan  57:56
anymore. Imagine, imagine if Alex dedicated himself to proving anything, as opposed to just deciding everything is proven. Yeah. Yeah.

Jordan  58:05
You can prove my control. I am on your team. Because Fuck if I know what I believe is true anymore. Everybody's mind controlled if mind control is possible.

Dan  58:14
Yeah. Well, I mean, then you get into the whole, like, simulations.

Jordan  58:19
Yeah. All right, fine. You know what mind control is off the table that I'm fine.

Dan  58:23
Okay. So this Gabby Giffords shooting is part of a line of like, you know, Columbine, all of these shootings. And the intention behind this is to demonstrate to Alex that there is a pattern that is very clear. And that is the day of these things. You say they're fake, right? That is what you do. Your audience expects it is just how this works. Right? And so we get to the Aurora shooting, and Alex tries to play dumb on that one.

Chris Mattei  58:53
And then, in July 2012, we had the Aurora movie theater shooting correct. There on that very day, on the day of the shooting, you guessed it, there's 100% chance that it was a false flag, correct.

Alex Jones  59:08
I believe that was a few days later, when it was in the local newspaper that he told people in the jail guards that he was undermined control.

Chris Mattei  59:15
Are you denying that on the day of the shooting itself? You said there was 100% chance it was a false flag?

Alex Jones  59:22
I may have said that. Okay.

Chris Mattei  59:24
You said that. Don't you? Know, I don't know that. I said I don't have in front of me. Okay. Well, why don't we show exhibit 102 A?

Dan  59:33
That's gotta be a nightmare. Yeah. I just don't trying to play fast and loose here. And when I hear well, let's play this clip. It's like, Wow, all right. Now I'm gonna watch myself say the thing. I was trying to be a little bit cagey about

Jordan  59:48
the idea of being in a deposition and saying, I believe something happened to the lawyer who you know, knows the answer to every question. He's Not asking questions for

Dan  1:00:01
information Manzi Alex's he's operations to asking questions. He's operating on the assumption of like, alright, this lawyer knows the answer to 99% of the questions, and they only want me to answer that 1% Because that'll really screw me over. So just pretend to not know anything. That's how I'm going to get around it. I don't know. Maybe that's the thing, the thought process, but it's a little bit more. So they play the clip of Alex saying that, and this is awesome. This is a great attempt on Alex's part to weasel away.

Chris Mattei  1:00:34
Okay. You see that day to day July 20 2012? Did you see that? The where is it? At the beginning of the video where it's at? Infowars? Yes, yeah. That was the day of the shooting. You know that.

Alex Jones  1:00:50
Thanks for refreshing my memory. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:55
You said right. 100% Chance false flag, right.

Alex Jones  1:00:58
Yeah, I think that's a play on words. Chance what's

Unknown Speaker  1:01:05
100% certainty?

Alex Jones  1:01:07
No. 100% chance that could be going on?

Dan  1:01:10
Okay. Ah, you see, it was eloquent word.

Jordan  1:01:15
I don't know if the quiver of arrows can be more empty. If Alex's results resigning himself toward games. Yeah. What if I play with language at UC lawyer?

Dan  1:01:26
It was luck gonna work man.

Jordan  1:01:32
Oh, boy. It's great. That's That's fantastic. You

Dan  1:01:36
do see like, one of the things that I really enjoy about these depositions is that like, that's unnecessary. Yes, Alex grasping at straws for no real reason

Jordan  1:01:45
at all. No, no, it is. It is all too often, like the kids say the darndest things. Whenever you're like, why why would you say that? You child?

Dan  1:01:56
Well, it's so easy for Alex just admit that he said that? Because there's a video of it. Yep. And then if as the TV and then if asked why say I don't know. Or that was my belief at the time totally. Or whatever. I don't need to say like word games. No. That's bananas. You're not gonna

Jordan  1:02:14
get out of this. Oh, so I think it's reasonable. If you didn't remember that. You said that on the day. You say a bunch of bullshit every day. You don't care what you say? Of course, you don't remember you said it on that day. But when he says did you say it on the day? Just be like, Yeah, probably. Right? Yeah. If you ask me, I totally did. Yeah.

Dan  1:02:30
So we get to Sandy Hook. And of course, the pattern has been established through this line of questions that the day of these tragedies you deny them, that's what you do. Your audience knows. So the game and then Alex, there's something kind of shocked me was the question comes up whether or not he watched his show from that day to prepare for any of these cases. And I would have thought he probably watched

Jordan  1:02:54
I mean, at least a little bit No, maybe on two times speed No.

Chris Mattei  1:02:59
Mr. Jones after having claimed your audience of millions that each of the events we just went through. were staged by the government. You went on the air on December 14 2012. To discuss a shooting that had happened that morning and Connecticut Correct? Yes. On the morning of December 14 2012. Adam Lanza shot his way into Sandy Hook Elementary School, you know that? Yes. Killed 20 children and six adults Correct? Yes. And you were at your studio in Texas that day, right. I believe so. And your show aired at its regular time. 11am Central Yes. And you started talking about Sandy Hook didn't you?

Alex Jones  1:04:00
I believe so. And you

Chris Mattei  1:04:01
knew exactly what you were gonna say to

Alex Jones  1:04:05
know remember, I think I was we were all covering what the news was up to what was what people were saying callers were calling it

Chris Mattei  1:04:12
well, no caller that called in told you that Sandy Hook was staged today.

Alex Jones  1:04:17
I haven't reviewed that show.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:20
You produce it to us Did you know that?

Alex Jones  1:04:22
I told him give you everything we had and you didn't

Chris Mattei  1:04:25
think that you might want to review your broadcast from the day that shooting Jack

Alex Jones  1:04:35
again, I really try to not think about Sandy Hook because I get bombarded with it. So I'm no I'm not been reviewing much of this stuff.

Dan  1:04:44
There was a there was a pause there and that and that was kind of like him realizing it does look bad that I did yeah, I didn't review this. This kind of we're gonna have to explain this. And I would like to translate what he's saying. That like I don't like to think about Sandy Hook or whatever. If that's him saying, I don't want to face what I did, yeah, that is entirely I'm too much of a coward to own up to the fact that I behaved this way. And it caused this much pain to people.

Jordan  1:05:12
Yeah, I mean, well, that part of that was it literally never occurred to me to do so that is not something I want to do.

Dan  1:05:19
I have built up psychological roadblocks exactly won't allow me to even come close to reckoning with my own

Jordan  1:05:28
thought never occurred to me. It is verboten. Yep.

Dan  1:05:32
So the, it's pretty important to understand and recognize, especially in hindsight, that Alex when he got on air that day had no information, right? When he's saying this is looks like a false flag, this looks fake. He had nothing other than himself. Same

Jordan  1:05:49
thing that we were looking at, he was looking at, and he had no more information than us. We did not call it a false flag. And he

Dan  1:05:55
has these quote, unquote, anomalies that he can look at and say, No, and he can say, use that to justify his suspicions and all this, but none of that was anywhere in his mind. Immediately. No, there were no of these anomalies. And so that comes up. And this is weird.

Alex Jones  1:06:16
I mean, I could go back over some of the anomalies. I'm sure you'll you'll bring them up. I'm asking you on that day. It was the reports of multiple shooters, the man in the woods and the camo. Some of the responses and things about the first responders, that means we've seen other events that we had questions about. And so we were obviously looking to see if it was a staged event,

Chris Mattei  1:06:37
and you had none of that information available to you when you went on the air did you perform?

Alex Jones  1:06:43
I, again, I need to go back to the timetable of that. But if I'm sitting there saying this can be staged, I mean, a lot of stuff stage of course, it can be staged,

Chris Mattei  1:06:53
and you then titled the video that you publish that day. Connecticut school massacre looks like false flag. Witnesses say, you remember that?

Alex Jones  1:07:06
I don't remember that. But that's uh,

Chris Mattei  1:07:08
you title, your title your home videos, right? Actually, that's your practice. Correct?

Alex Jones  1:07:14
It is. I'm genuinely like to try to title some of the videos,

Unknown Speaker  1:07:17
right. It's your practice to do it.

Alex Jones  1:07:19
Jackie. Didn't do it yesterday. Didn't do it Sunday. No, I don't do it all the time. It's not my Yes, I do title videos when I get a chance to.

Chris Mattei  1:07:27
Yeah. Nico Acosta was your longtime producer. Correct. He was a radio Booker. Yes. What he was your longtime producer of your show was, you know, yes. But that has a different and he and he testified in this case. You were that dope. Okay.

Alex Jones  1:07:41
And I know he does. I don't know what he testified to.

Chris Mattei  1:07:45
Now, not a single witness that you spoke to. First of all, you didn't speak to any witnesses that day who witnessed the shooting? Correct.

Alex Jones  1:07:52
of watching it on television and hearing what the witnesses were saying.

Chris Mattei  1:07:55
You were watching witnesses on television speak. I was watching what people were saying on television and not a single witness said that it was false flag today.

Alex Jones  1:08:05
I don't know that.

Chris Mattei  1:08:07
You just said. Do you think a witness can when you're saying you were saying you saw news reports cutting him off? You saw news reports that day? As you're watching as you're broadcasting

Alex Jones  1:08:18
that I think we're playing part of the news reports on airlines as

Chris Mattei  1:08:21
you were broadcasting. And you think and one of those news reports included was an interview of a witness.

Alex Jones  1:08:28
I will go back and I will review that that first day. I didn't know. I mean, I'm I agree I questioned it right away.

Chris Mattei  1:08:37
Do you think that a witness on the air told you that the massacre looked like a false flag? No, I'm

Alex Jones  1:08:47
telling you that. Here's the thing. I haven't reviewed the broadcast and while I shouldn't comment on it.

Chris Mattei  1:08:52
Okay, so you have no idea whether any witness to the shooting ever said that it looked like a false flag. Correct.

Alex Jones  1:09:01
I can't speak to something that I've not reviewed. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:03
Well, you you lived it didn't

Alex Jones  1:09:06
just 10 years ago.

Dan  1:09:07
So yeah, this line of questioning is like just a disasterous. File falling off a cliff for Alex. Yeah, the title of that video. Sandy Hook shooting looks like a false flag witnesses say is such a disaster because the question the follow up, obviously is what witnesses right, are you talking about eight this is all non fried. And you can't answer that because you don't have an answer to that.

Jordan  1:09:36
Yeah, it is. It is interesting to look at somebody to like watch in real time as somebody finally sees themselves from the outside. You know, like because he inside he's like, okay, you know what, I did some bad things, but I'm not guilty, you know, and then whatever he sees himself through that lens of like, Oh, I really can't explain that I really can't or you look the most guilty anyone's ever look.

Dan  1:10:01
Are you trying to tell me you turned on CNN and a witness to the shooting said looks fake?

Jordan  1:10:06
Well, now with that you say it like that, because that's

Dan  1:10:09
what your headline right? So okay, or did you have conversations with witnesses? Who told you that? Oh fair, what's going on here? None of it.

Jordan  1:10:19
It is it is like you woke up really really sleepy you weren't paying attention and your friends had put you inside a dolphin costume and you went to the liquor store and you were like, Oh, I'm gonna go get some get some gum or something. And everybody's like, you are wearing a dolphin costume. And you're like, I'm fine. So Biggie,

Dan  1:10:37
so this next clip is a little bit longer. I'm gonna say Mike down for this, even though it's about four minutes, boy. And the reason is because this is pretty intense. Okay. The question is about the Robbie Parker press conference, which as we know, Alex basically just played the first two seconds of, and the question has to do with whether or not he ever even watched the full conference.

Jordan  1:11:04
So a very simple yes or no question you have just described is going to lead to a four minute clip that I had to put my mic down for?

Dan  1:11:12
Well, because it takes a turn. That sounds right. Yeah. Oh, boy.

Chris Mattei  1:11:19
Now that day, after the Sandy Hook. Tragedy. A father of one of the children spoke to the press outside his church. Did you know that? Yes. Did you watch that live?

Alex Jones  1:11:40
I watched it. I don't remember I watched it live.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:48
When did you watch it?

Alex Jones  1:11:51
I know, I've watched the Robbie Parker videos that you're talking about.

Chris Mattei  1:11:54
I'm talking about the statement that Mr. Parker gave Monday after the shooting.

Alex Jones  1:12:00
I I've I've I've watched it many times. And I watched it near the back at that time. I don't remember 10 years later how I watched it or exactly when I watched it. She watched the whole thing. I mean, I watched what is the whole thing again?

Unknown Speaker  1:12:19
Did you watch his entire statement to the press and anything?

Alex Jones  1:12:22
I remember watching the whole press conference.

Chris Mattei  1:12:24
Okay. Let's play. And you think you did it around the time that he gave it although you can't say exactly when?

Alex Jones  1:12:35
I mean, really? Yeah. I mean, I know the statement. I know what you're talking about. I don't remember when i Exactly. I watched it 10 years ago.

Chris Mattei  1:12:43
What was his child's name? Who was murdered at Sandia? I don't remember how can you name a single person who was murdered at Sandy Hook?

Alex Jones  1:12:53
Back at the time, we've said some of the names but I've most of the people sued me. I never said their names. So I mean, like I said, I'm not. In fact, I'm not going to say their names now. Because editors or something.

Chris Mattei  1:13:05
Mr. Jones? Do you know the name of the single person who's killed it? Yes, I know some of their names. Okay. Go ahead and tell me which names you

Alex Jones  1:13:14
not. You'll edit it yourself. And I'm not giving you what you want? Oh, yes, you are. Oh, you want to make them such an objection? You said?

Chris Mattei  1:13:22
No, I want to see whether you're lying or not when you say you know them. No Posner. Okay. Can you give me another one? I'm done. Can you give me another one?

Alex Jones  1:13:30
I didn't kill those children. And you can even though people in the public come up and say I killed them. And I'm not going to say their names. So you can edit it together act like I did something. There's

Chris Mattei  1:13:39
a there's a court record of what you say here. So other than the old Posner, can you name a single person who was murdered at Sandy Hook?

Alex Jones  1:13:46
Yes. Yes. And I'm done doing parlor tricks.

Norm Pattis  1:13:50
Okay, who? You're gonna answer the question. So maybe there's no reason to instruct him in that way. If you've need relief from the court seeking,

Chris Mattei  1:13:57
we have a brief moment. No, we may not. You're gonna we just took a break. Can you name a single person who was murdered at Sandy Hook, other than Noah Posner. Objection as to?

Alex Jones  1:14:07
Yes, if I need to go into my mind and dredge it up? I probably can. But I'm not gonna sit here and say their names for you. So you can have something for your HBO movie you're making.

Chris Mattei  1:14:16
Mr. Jones. This is a lawsuit brought by people whose children and loved ones were killed.

Alex Jones  1:14:24
And I didn't kill them.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:26
Nobody said they know they will know who murdered their children.

Alex Jones  1:14:29
Okay. But the general public comes up to me and says,

Chris Mattei  1:14:33
Mr. Jones, Mr. Jones, the question before you is whether you're capable of stating the name of any other person who was murdered at Sandy Hook. Objection. Objection.

Alex Jones  1:14:49
I, I mean, I could probably dredge up some of the names but I'm done. I'm done doing it.

Chris Mattei  1:14:53
No, you're not done doing it. So the answer is no. You can't do it.

Alex Jones  1:14:57
Sure. I can't do it. All right.

Dan  1:15:00
But is heavy.

Jordan  1:15:02
Yeah, it makes me think that as as bad as it was.

Jordan  1:15:08
I do think that when Alex was on the stand, both mark and Chris had to have maintained a large amount of restraint because they clearly know where to press the button to make Alex dance. You know, like, if they wanted to make Alex really explode. They had the

Dan  1:15:29
buttons, I think I think probably Yeah. Um,

Jordan  1:15:32
yeah, I think they chose to make sure that he only exploded as much as he did. Well,

Dan  1:15:37
yeah, you don't want to derail things too much. Right? Right, right. Um, I believe. And Maddie does point this out and touch on this, that Alex only knows no Posner's name because he used a picture of him. When they had the shooting in Pakistan. That Lennie, his father gave him a strike a copyright strike for and so that name is somebody that Alex has actually had much more engagement with, because of the harassing of Mr. Posner over the picture of his son. Yep. And so the question of what are any of these people's names? I don't think Alex does know any of them. And it's an interesting dodge to be like, they're just going to edit this together in some kind of a way. Like, what kind of way? Are you worried about people editing? You saying someone's name? Yeah, about like, that's absurd. It's clearly evading having to recognize publicly that you don't care enough about this at all. To even know the names of the people who were murdered, that you have maligned?

Jordan  1:16:48
Yeah, the only people quote, editing this, or putting it out even a little bit, are us. And it sounds way worse. When you say that, then if you said no, yeah, we both would have been like, Well, yeah, of course, he doesn't know any of those.

Dan  1:17:02
I mean, I would still think that's worth comment. Oh, absolutely. It was honest about it, ya know, this guy, for sure. And I don't think I mean, I would probably play like a four minute clip or two, if he had, you know, honored the total. Totally, we would have the people Yeah. And recognize that he did understand the scope of the impact. Yeah,

Jordan  1:17:25
that's something that I do want people to, because it's, it's hard to really, like, grasp this. But if Alex had done that, you would have cut that clip. And we would have both been like, can you believe this? Like, it would not have been something like, this doesn't fit within our narrative? We bought that beat. Yeah. Hell yeah. Put that in there.

Dan  1:17:45
It would be very interesting to have this demonstration of Alex having some reckoning of his own action toes, it would imply that there was time spent thinking about it. Time spent understanding that wasn't public. And I think that that's just as noteworthy as what just happened here. Totally. And that is ugly. What happened here? Yeah. Gross. There's

Jordan  1:18:08
another way to go. Yeah.

Dan  1:18:10
So Alex said that Robbie Parker was acting in the press conference. And unfortunately, seems like he's still kind of thinks that what he was doing, like acting, Oh, God.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:27
Emily is one of the first ones to support victims. Because that's the type of person that she is

Unknown Speaker  1:18:40
because of any parenting that my wife or I could have done, because those are the gifts that were given to her by her Heavenly Father. Do you watch that at the time?

Alex Jones  1:18:55
I believe After saying that, yes.

Chris Mattei  1:19:01
Was Mr. Parker acting when he referred to his daughter Emily is being somebody who would have been the first to console victims. Jackie, when he said that?

Alex Jones  1:19:13
I said later, I believe the shooting happened.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:15
Was he acting when he said that?

Norm Pattis  1:19:20
Does he believe that now or at the time?

Alex Jones  1:19:21
No, I don't believe he was acting.

Chris Mattei  1:19:24
But at the time, you thought he was acting when he described his daughter's personality as being one who would console victims. Is that right?

Alex Jones  1:19:32
Yes. I mean, it looks in the classic area of acting, it doesn't come about I understand. Sometimes it was very different ways. Classic error about these things, but I mean, it. It looks like it sounds like Academy Award winning style acting. And that's what everybody a lot of folks also thought that I understand. There's a lot of complex ways people deal with things and as I learn more over the years, I believe that he did was not and I'm sorry for that and I did not get his daughter. The mainstream media lied so much that he Philosophy through the system. So now the public doesn't believe anything, because so many times it's not true when people come to my show because I do question everything. And I've also made mistakes in the process.

Chris Mattei  1:20:09
Mr. Jones, the look to you like Academy Award winning acting didn't

Alex Jones  1:20:22
I understand. What I'm telling you is, is that it comes

Norm Pattis  1:20:26
when objection has to form it.

Chris Mattei  1:20:29
Right now. You just described it as it looks like Academy Award winning. You right? There's a fighter admitted right now. Yes. Just a second ago. Yes. We're sitting here. You said that. That looks like Academy Award winning acting to you, doesn't it? Yes. Okay. He Oh, and

Dan  1:20:44
gross. And I think I think you are totally right about the button. And I think that one of the buttons is making Alex watch the stuff that he lied about. Yeah. You know, like, it's so easy for him to look at that two seconds of Robbie Parker appearing to laugh or whatever, and run with that. Yeah. But what he has a very serious aversion to is having in his face, this press conference, that is like, this is what you were calling acting, you know, like this. If you are saying that you watch to the whole thing. This is what you're lying about. Not just that little snippet. You're lying about all of this. Yeah. And I think that that Alex on a human level recognizes is monstrous. Yeah. Yeah. And he doesn't like being a monster it is. It is a little

Jordan  1:21:37
bit like Picture of Dorian Gray kind of shit right there. Like he just cannot bring himself to look at what he actually is. Yeah, so fascinating. Because it is because he knows, he knows what he is. He can't not know but to be confronted with it. It's somehow different. It's fascinating. It really is. It's like what happens to a human brain, you know, you want to study is that is this like a CTE syndrome, he should donate his brain to science after he dies, couldn't hurt, it's couldn't a couldn't hurt. We

Dan  1:22:09
could learn something well, or at least we could throw his brain around like a football man that would wear another option could just be booze. Anyway, there's that there's that there is something a dynamic that's at play here that I think is really also a button for Alex and that is questioning his integrity and questioning his bravery, right. He is which he has done non boycotts. He is willing to admit that he thought that this looked like acting, you know, but for some reason, he is really refusing to say that he called Robbie Parker, an actor, which he absolutely did. Yeah, he did. And so Maddie is pushing on that. And then this gets fucking ugly.

Chris Mattei  1:22:56
When you claimed Robbie Parker was a crisis actor. What you were claiming was that he was fabricating in lying about the existence of his daughter, correct? Correct. No, no. How could he be an actor lying about the death of his daughter, and still be telling the truth about her. Mr. Jones.

Alex Jones  1:23:22
We look at all of these events. And some of it states some haven't been and everybody questions things more than ever. Now, we've explained to you that the internet said they thought well, he was an accurate, it was fake. I looked at him. The guy looks like he's acting. And then and then and then I went back and forth, whether it happened or not. And long before I got sued, I said no, I think it happened. Mr. Jones. So that's that's what's on record.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:44
Mr. Jones? Mr. Jones? Yeah. Why can't you just answer my question?

Jordan  1:23:48
I mean, you objection? That's a bigger question.

Chris Mattei  1:23:51
You'd like to tell your audience that you're the tip of the spear right. That's what you say. You're You're a precision guided munition. Objection. That's what you refer to yourself as right. Yeah. And, and yet, you aren't even willing to sit here under oath. And acknowledge what you said about Robbie, being an actor. And then acknowledging that what you were saying was that Mr. Parker was fabricating the existence of his own daughter. Here's an example. Here's what, no, no, no. Isn't that what you said?

Alex Jones  1:24:35
I'm saying HBO is running this. Isn't saying This is a production. This is this is acting. This is for HBO on your career. You're the ones that live off the Sandy Hook kids. There's a lot of acting going on around here. We everybody is going to come out that HBO is directing all this. You'll think we don't know all that stuff. His dad lied about being in Vietnam in combat.

Alex Jones  1:24:55
You guys are all fake. I know. I know.

Alex Jones  1:24:56
You're trying to diss his dad's a false flag. Senator Blumenthal all up people's responses. I

Unknown Speaker  1:25:00
know you're trying to distract. No, I'm not. It's from their own conduct object,

Alex Jones  1:25:06
which is what we're wrong. Just know that his dad never went to Vietnam and a lot about it

Unknown Speaker  1:25:09
stolen glory. Mr. Jones,

Alex Jones  1:25:11
is that wrong? Mr. Jones? Okay, shit wrong. Did I know that HBO?

Chris Mattei  1:25:15
Mr. Jones, do you want to? Do you want to? I mean, we can stay here a third day. And you can go on your rants like you're

Alex Jones  1:25:20
sure I'm sure your pet judge will do whatever you want.

Chris Mattei  1:25:24
Here, Mr. Jones for lack, I'm gonna

Dan  1:25:29
question. Yeah, that's a mess.

Jordan  1:25:32
Yeah, I would move to strike that for just general good person reasons. Yeah. I

Dan  1:25:36
mean, Alex is always waiting to have a little bit of an outburst as he has a flair for the dramatic show. But at the same time, this is coming out of a question that he can't face. Yeah. And that is, why can't you admit to the things that you said, you know, you're supposed to be this person who is principals and, and all this, and yet you lack the spine, to even just sit here and own up to the mistakes that you've made. If this is a mistake, and you just got something wrong. You had some bad sources, or whatever, why, why can't you just admit, you said he was an actor, and what that entails what that implies, yep. You have to dodge this with like, oh, the internet thought it looked like acting and I said, Hey, maybe it looked like acting. That isn't what you said. You're softening your own backstory in order to make it more palatable to yourself. You can't admit it to yourself.

Jordan  1:26:31
Yep. You coward. You act like you're a big dog. And you're just a tiny yapping puppy. Yeah, you coward.

Dan  1:26:37
Yeah. Yeah, it's weak. Its weak, very weak. Its weak. How is

Jordan  1:26:41
it that you I don't understand how you can have that much bravado. Whenever it is that lacking

Dan  1:26:48
the tip of the spear is dentin? Noodle. Yeah. That's not sharp. No. So one of the things that Alex one of his claims in relation to Robbie Parker was that prior to him giving his press conference, someone had given him a card of what to say. Right. And like the media or government was telling him what to say. Or HBO? Well, now. Sure. And Alex has to deal with the fact that that's based on nothing. Right? And that was maybe out of thin air. A little bit. Yeah.

Chris Mattei  1:27:24
You see the headline there. Father of Sandy Hook victim asks, read the card seconds before tear jerking press conference. Yes. When we just watched the video, you didn't hear Mr. Parker say read the card. Did you watch very

Alex Jones  1:27:38
low audio up until he said?

Unknown Speaker  1:27:41
No, you didn't hear him say read the card. Did you?

Alex Jones  1:27:44
Objection. Can you play it again for me now?

Chris Mattei  1:27:47
Because you just watched it. You didn't hear him say read the card. Did you? Objection?

Alex Jones  1:27:52
No, it sounds more like we can start.

Chris Mattei  1:27:55
Yeah, and sure that you. There's a statement attributed to you at the bottom where it says in the second sentence after you offer your condolences to Mr. Parker. It appears that members of the media or government have given him a card and are telling him what to say. That's what you said. Right. And part objection. That's what you said. Right? It appears that members of the media or government have given him a card. Correct.

Alex Jones  1:28:32
I mean, I guess I picked up on some of that there. Yeah, I'm definitely remember this, but thanks for showing.

Chris Mattei  1:28:36
Sure. You're welcome. Wow, did you see anybody in the video that we watched give Mr. Parker a card?

Alex Jones  1:28:41
No, I must have been inflating it was on here. Got it wrong.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:46
Did you see anybody tell him what to say?

Alex Jones  1:28:53
I wasn't looking for that. When you play it. Can you play it again?

Chris Mattei  1:28:55
No. I'm just asking when you don't watch the beginning twice. Did you see anybody telling what to say?

Alex Jones  1:29:00
Objection talking to some people shall be more leaning over talking to him, but I don't.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:05
Well, who were they were the members of the media or the government?

Alex Jones  1:29:12
I really don't get your point.

Chris Mattei  1:29:14
You understand the question I'm asking you you put out a statement five days after the shooting that said members of the media or the government giving them a card or telling him what to say I just asked you after having watched that video. Whether you saw anybody tell him what to say?

Alex Jones  1:29:31
Objection can be telling in context. I mean, I thought I was watching that video. See what he said. I told you what I thought he said and it's different than what I was saying there. So I think there's that having watched

Chris Mattei  1:29:44
the video. Did you see anybody? Tell him what to say?

Alex Jones  1:29:48
I wasn't looking at the ceiling. Oh, no. I don't know.

Dan  1:29:52
Yeah, so based on nothing.

Jordan  1:29:54
Yeah, yeah, it does really seem like Alex does not get the point. No, Jenny When he doesn't, yeah,

Dan  1:30:01
it's almost impossible to tell if he doesn't get the point. Or if he's just so aware of like, how important it is for him not to get the point, right, man, it just feels like he really doesn't get the point kind of feels that way too, but feels like might be naive. Yeah, it could be

Jordan  1:30:16
it is just a bit like he I don't know, I really don't think he can tell the difference between whether or not the things he says are true. Or not true.

Dan  1:30:25
Yeah, it might not matter to him. Here's the thing that that clip made me think of that would be an interesting exercise. Yeah. Take things that Alex has constructed conspiracies out of in the past, show him the same source material, and then ask him what his conspiracy was about it. Yeah. Created from memory. That's a good one, because I bet he'd come up with a different conspiracy. That's the shit. That's our game show. I bet he would like find some other detail, right? And be like, Oh, that must be what I was suspicious about? Because he probably there's probably no consistency. Right?

Jordan  1:30:58
Right. So it doesn't mean anything. Let's let's take it the opposite direction, get rid of Alex entirely. But let's grab some of the things that he said. And convince three random strangers to guess the conspiracy theory for money. At the end of the round, whoever has the most money wins.

Dan  1:31:16
That's not a terrible idea. Yeah. Another interesting idea would be take three things that Alex made a conspiracy out of, and then a fourth thing and see if he could pick out which one was a good one as a good one. But then again, the fourth thing that wasn't suspicious to him, he might find suspicious also,

Jordan  1:31:34
makeup a similar conspiracy theory and see if he can tell the difference between them whether or not there's what detail is different between your version and the makeup version? Yeah, basically, what we're doing

Dan  1:31:45
is trying to find ways to apply the scientific method. Alex, none of this is repeatable.

Jordan  1:31:52
Can you do anything repeatable? No, the answer's no.

Dan  1:31:55
So one thing that I found pretty disgusting, was that they play the clip of Robbie Parker from Alex. And if you pay careful attention here, you can hear Alex laugh.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:07
Alright, go and keep playing

Dan  1:32:21
he seems to not really appreciate the gravity of the situation and the context of stuff to the point where he still thinks it's funny. The way that Robbie Parker walks up to the mic. Yeah, that's, I It's unfathomable to me.

Jordan  1:32:37
I mean, he's he's really moved into the uncanny valley for me of like human behaviors, like, everything he does. So very similarly represents what a human would do. But then there's something like this where you're like, there's something missing man. There's something missing. Something's something's not there. I don't know what it is. But you're unlike all the other humans that I know. Yeah.

Dan  1:33:02
Yeah. I don't know if it's something that's missing, or something that's trained, and something that's been sort of ingrained in him over time. So not so much missing, but something added. Yeah, maybe even but yeah, there is. I mean, obviously, we wouldn't be 700 plus episodes about somebody who wasn't like, you are, you are not like other people.

Jordan  1:33:21
You're a unique person. If you have commanded 750 episodes of our show, I will I will give you that you

Dan  1:33:28
are uniquely fucked up.

Jordan  1:33:32
He helped me

Dan  1:33:34
so mad, he points out to Alex that he lies every day. Right? And this is not taken. Well.

Jordan  1:33:40
Why not? It seems like it's job. Yeah. Some pride in your job? Well,

Alex Jones  1:33:46
there's a difference between consciously lying and making mistakes, because you lie every day. Oh, really? Yeah. So I know you guys have lied when you follow that course.

Chris Mattei  1:33:58
In fact, one of the times you lied Mr. Jones objection was when you claim to an audience of millions that I had planted child pornography in materials that you sent us correct.

Alex Jones  1:34:18
No, that's not what I said. Oh, okay. All right. Direction what's a lie which is gonna Jones that would have been a lie. You're not gonna let me know you're gonna answer my question. Objection would have been a lie. To say for sure you might have your your that you're that kind of person. Maybe. Have you ever met me before today? I know you're slamming ambulance chaser. That was the courts. I know. Your partner bragged us that you're the mafia and you're on the state. Partner. Am I allowed to talk about my

Unknown Speaker  1:34:45
profit projection myself telling you?

Norm Pattis  1:34:47
I need to speak to you. And I'm not going to talk to them when I need to speak to them say

Unknown Speaker  1:34:54
no, we're gonna keep going. No, no, no, we're not.

Norm Pattis  1:34:57
There's a question of privilege that is sorry, what not proceeding? I would like to speak to you for one moment, please. I'm not asking you to speak to Mr. Jones.

Chris Mattei  1:35:06
We're not we're gonna keep going. Mr. Jones, you. I'm going to ask you this one more time before we call the court. Okay. I'm gonna ask you to stop abusing people in this room. Okay.

Alex Jones  1:35:19
Stop using me and said that we file fraudulent financial documents. We didn't do that,

Chris Mattei  1:35:22
Mr. Jones, you did? And the court found that you did objection. So

Alex Jones  1:35:26
I found that black people weren't humans doesn't mean it's not true. Oh, boy. I'm gonna ask you mr. Jones Supreme Court said blacks weren't humans and it was a lie. I'm gonna ask you people are humans

Chris Mattei  1:35:35
to stop abusing people in this not abusing. You're gonna stop addressing attorney Blumenthal to understand that he's not asking you questions. So you can stop doing that. Can we agree? Yes.

Dan  1:35:47
Okay. Yeah, I think that's a mess. Yeah. So yeah, the mafia. They're the mafia and they run the state right in

Jordan  1:35:55
the courts. Right. That was a barrage. Yeah. In a short period of time. I

Dan  1:35:59
really thought about this, because it's so bizarre this like this, you you're said that you're the mafia, or whatever. The only reason that norm would respond the way he did is if he's involved in this claim somehow.

Jordan  1:36:16
Do you mean he's told Alex,

Dan  1:36:18
I feel like that's the one of the only conclusions you can come to because he's saying this touches on privilege. Yep. And so it has to do with something that involves confidential discussions that he had with Alex. Yeah. And so I don't I don't know what to make of it. Exactly. But it's fucked up. This is so fucked up.

Jordan  1:36:38
I will, I will tell you this at I swear to you, I could be wrong. But this is one of those moments where I feel like I can penetrate the veil, so to speak. Norm was trying to explain information from a conversation that he had with the other lawyers, and Alex could not understand it. So Norm said, well, basically, what they're saying is, he's like the mafia, and they're gonna and Alex took that to mean, oh, you're saying that? He said, He's the mafia. That's interesting. I swear to you, that means in my brain, I can feel it happening.

Dan  1:37:14
Go. Let me jump off your scenario. Okay. suggest another possible scenario. All right. Same setup, basically. But norm is trying to explain away to Alex why they're going to lose this.

Jordan  1:37:28
Without saying because we're 100%. We're screwed. We've done this all wrong. Yeah. You got terrible advice from Barnes? terrible advice. For me.

Dan  1:37:37
I am a great lawyer, but we're up against the mafia. Alex. That could be an explanation. I don't know. Whatever it is, it's something weird and normal is like clearly jumping up to be like, shut this down, shut this down.

Jordan  1:37:51
does have the feel of shit talk that left to the wrong area, you know.

Dan  1:37:56
So we jump now to the Boston bombing? Because that happens a little bit after the Sandy Hook shooting. Right. And what do you know, Alex called that the fake the day of also,

Chris Mattei  1:38:09
in April of 2013, just four months after the tragedy at Sandy Hook. The Boston Marathon bombing happened, correct? Yes. And you went on the air that night, right. Yes. And you claimed that the Boston Marathon bombing was staged? Right.

Alex Jones  1:38:33
I said it it looked like another false flag again.

Unknown Speaker  1:38:36
staged event right?

Alex Jones  1:38:39
Yes, it was a lot of anomalies a lot of really bizarre stuff that happened

Chris Mattei  1:38:43
and you knew that on the very day it happened

Alex Jones  1:38:45
right we we talked to we had some of our crew had been found over that was there you had what was there go look it up? was we actually made some calls on that and looked at some things it's also the anomalies

Dan  1:39:02
Rob dues brother or brother in law was there running and then they created a conspiracy out of how he didn't want to talk to them up Yeah, so that's what happened.

Jordan  1:39:14
He said I don't want to be on

Dan  1:39:16
the fuck alone. This is a May I mean, we're now making up what exactly he said but I would imagine it was this is insulting. Yeah. Yeah. But Alex is forgot that it was robbed do and you know what's interesting, it made me realize you know, Rob, whose uncle was the FBI agent who right Newtown robbed his brother in law. Boston, robbed his family members all over this. These stories.

Jordan  1:39:42
Just feel like he's got a cartoonishly large family. Like like he's a he's a Nurse Joy in the Pokemon series. Like they're all exactly like him though. They're just oh my cousin. Yeah through

Dan  1:39:56
that or it is a conspiracy and rob us family is coming Good rolling everything from behind this

Jordan  1:40:01
really could be Yeah, it could be that they have been on a long game to ruin Alex's life this whole time. Yeah, yeah.

Dan  1:40:08
So Alex needs to justify calling the bombing fake. And so He does that by pointing to a news article about how disrupted terror plots, a lot of them have FBI informants. I didn't

Jordan  1:40:21
jive.

Alex Jones  1:40:22
Let's go over first, before I get into the llama itself. Let's get into it. There's maybe a 5% chance out of 100 that this could be a real Muslim terrorist. Or I guess there could be some domestic group freaked out over those things. Just to be clear. I gotta look very handsome. But some say it's really clear. I've never seen Santa Claus. Some say it's real. Never seen a unicorn. Some say it's real. I don't think it exists. Same thing with domestic terrorists. I mean, I've interviewed the cops who get mad. And the people that saw the Feds like the bombs Oklahoma City, you saw on stage Fast and Furious, mostly staged Aurora, they staged Sandy Hook, the evidence is just overwhelming. And that's why I was so desperate and freaked out. This is not fun. You know, getting out here telling you this I somebody's got to tell you the truth. Stand against these people. Somebody's got to do it.

Chris Mattei  1:41:22
And that's why your audience comes to you for the truth. Right? Objection, did

Alex Jones  1:41:27
they come from people that are going to challenge the system and that and that they believe basically are on the establishment payroll, people that deny there's a new world order. I mean,

Chris Mattei  1:41:36
and the truth that you gave them on the Day of the Boston Marathon bombing was that the bombing itself was staged, correct?

Alex Jones  1:41:45
I mean, it, it looks. That's what you told there's even a New York Times headline, not even 26% of terror plots were run by the FBI, with Islamic terror. I

Chris Mattei  1:41:55
mean, by the way, can you tonight also get me that article that shows that the New York Times ran that 95% According to the FBI, I'm sorry that according to New York Times 95% of terrorist acts are actually committed by the FBI. Can you find that watch terror plots? Can you find that article?

Alex Jones  1:42:13
Sure. No, no, no, write that down.

Chris Mattei  1:42:17
So But going back to the Boston Marathon bombing, the truth that they came to you for on the day of the bombing? Was your claim that it was staged? Correct. That's what you said, right.

Norm Pattis  1:42:31
And as to the form, as soon

Alex Jones  1:42:33
as it happened, that's what people do at any big event, is everybody's sort of looking at it. And and the different reports are coming out the kind of things that were happening. And we knew that so many of the Islamic terror plots had actually been provocateurs and staged by the FBI. That list for probably another one of those.

Unknown Speaker  1:42:51
And that's what she told him, right? Yep. Okay.

Dan  1:42:55
The assumption that it's an Islamic terror plot is weird. Yeah. Cuz I don't think that was even necessarily something that was being discussed as certain. But of course, if you listen to the clip that Alex had at the beginning of this, you know, he's saying that domestic terror doesn't even really doesn't exist. Yeah. So that wasn't a possibility

Jordan  1:43:13
rolls that out. Yeah.

Dan  1:43:15
Yeah, I think that it's a fun defense. Right to point to that. I mean, he does have the there are articles that have discussed the dynamic.

Jordan  1:43:25
Oh, there's the 45. And those people. Yeah. I mean, the FBI has done that in the past. Yeah, sure. Because they have too much money. Yeah. Right.

Dan  1:43:33
And there have been investigations into the FBI being a little overzealous in trying to encourage people to carry through with the tax to the point where they could be arrested.

Jordan  1:43:46
Yeah, we got to justify spending all of this time. Yeah, yeah. But

Dan  1:43:50
it still doesn't really help Alex's argument as much as he thinks it does. Right. And, but, you know, it doesn't stop him from just still thinking that the Sauron have brothers were patsies. Yeah.

Alex Jones  1:44:04
I said it. I said it could be real.

Chris Mattei  1:44:07
And you Well, when we just saw the fine print. No, he said was there's a 5% chance that it could be Muslim or homegrown terrorism, right. That's what you said. We just saw it. Yes. Okay. Which means you're telling your audience, there's a 95% chance that it's staged by the government. Right? And, and then you go on and you tell them, even though I said there's that 5% chance, you know, I've never seen the Easter Bunny. And you say, so I've never really seen domestic terrorism, right.

Alex Jones  1:44:36
That's what you say almost all of it is is either totally staged provocateur, okay, and that's my opinion on a lot of stuff. And

Chris Mattei  1:44:42
you said that the two bombers the Sauron I have brothers were definitely patsies. Right? Oh, yeah. Okay. And, and that's true, even though one of them murdered an MIT police officer, correct. We're told that okay. And it's true even though you still believe that one admitted that he was involved in the bombing.

Alex Jones  1:45:01
Now that's what they claimed later. Okay, they're both they're both conveniently killed. But in any event, I mean, sorry what remembering

Chris Mattei  1:45:10
you know that joke arson I have is not yet dead, you know, I don't want them got killed shot or whatever. Okay? Because I mean, you just testified under oath that both of them were convenient under oath

Alex Jones  1:45:23
and I'm allowed to make mistakes. I gotta remember that okay?

Dan  1:45:27
But that's alright. We can make mistakes. Maybe here's what happened here. Alex is narrative at the time because when Joe horror was found he had a wound to his throat. And it the it's like, oh, he's never gonna be able to talk again. It's perfect. Right? You know, that was the narrative at the time they killed the one and silenced the other. And so Alex is just kind of forgotten basically that Joe hearts still alive. And so he's just turned it into they're both dead in his mind, because he doesn't give a fuck about any of this stuff. That's not real to him. He didn't care

Jordan  1:46:03
at the beginning doesn't care now certainly still thinks they're patsies. Yep.

Dan  1:46:07
So the night of the bombing was a big night for Infowars According to Chris, Maddie, and everybody except for Alex. He's confused about it. The Boston

Chris Mattei  1:46:17
Marathon bombing was actually a very big night for Infowars. Correct?

Alex Jones  1:46:22
Objection. I don't I don't remember.

Chris Mattei  1:46:28
Mr. Jones. You remember when? Bombing Do you not remember why that was a big night for info war fresh my memory? Who's Dan Bidadi?

Alex Jones  1:46:46
He's he lives around here. He's a professional wrestler and talk show hosts

Unknown Speaker  1:46:59
and a former employee of yours.

Alex Jones  1:47:01
He didn't work for us for about six months. Yeah.

Chris Mattei  1:47:05
And then you he was a contract reporter for you for years thereafter. Correct.

Alex Jones  1:47:10
Some and then he kept saying that he worked with us when he wasn't, but I've tried to be friendly and nice to him cover fan reporter

Dan  1:47:18
I want a good guy Alex is so damn good. Don D did invade a press conference on the night of the Boston bombing. But there's a reason that Alex is confused about Maddie asking him about that. He's probably forgotten about that one since but donde did a way more offensive disruption at the press conference on April 18, which Infowars Lili gleefully broadcast live. Here's a clip of Alex's excitement just before that press conference started being fully aware that Bidadi was going to yell promotional shit for Alex at the expense of a terrorized city.

Unknown Speaker  1:47:50
We will provide you with accurate information as it becomes available. I look forward to that. Thank you. I yield on Eric.

Unknown Speaker  1:47:57
And there it is. He saw Miss Napolitano right there. We will provide you sir. Don't get your sources anywhere else. We will provide you with set information.

Alex Jones  1:48:07
The press conference is coming up in 20 minutes. That's all I can say.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:11
Alex seem very excited about this press conference and we will be giving you live coverage on that.

Dan  1:48:17
He's so excited. He's breaking into and Jakari and David Knight are hosting to be like, ooh, get ready, but donde is there. He's gonna do because he had already disrupted the first press conference. There's already a precedent for this. And he's gonna do he's gonna go he's gonna push it even further. So but look, man, Alex didn't remember that. Because he gets so much press. We don't know he it's no big deal for him.

Chris Mattei  1:48:41
On the night of the Boston Marathon bombing, the reason that it was such a big night for Infowars is because Mr. Madani asked the question at a nationalized, televised event. nationally televised press

Alex Jones  1:48:52
that was that night. Okay, I thought it was days later.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:58
You remember what I'm talking about now?

Alex Jones  1:49:00
I remember. I suppose that day.

Chris Mattei  1:49:03
I mean, I can answer your questions. Mr. Jones?

Alex Jones  1:49:05
I don't know. Believe me so.

Unknown Speaker  1:49:08
But you know what I'm talking about? That was a big deal. There's 100

Alex Jones  1:49:11
articles about me a day I can't remember any other stuff and you want me to remember something to happen you know we're at a press conference. I mean, I understand for you guys like being in the media wants is a big deal or whatever else is like

Norm Pattis  1:49:23
Chris in terms of lunch can we break it one and if so, may have just one moment to ticket to lunch order

Chris Mattei  1:49:29
from Mr. Jones. We can break before one and if you want to get his lunch order now.

Norm Pattis  1:49:35
Time is of the essence and I want to get somebody to order me I hit me I step out with him for just five seconds. Sure.

Dan  1:49:41
They get some steak I think

Jordan  1:49:43
so yeah, time is of the essence. So look,

Dan  1:49:46
I understand that you got to have the foods delivered so you can you can time it right can't get Oh good. Yeah, no, I understand. So they come back from getting the food order. And look it's not a big deal that damn donde interrupted this part. This conference Alex gets press all the time, man.

Chris Mattei  1:50:03
Do you recall that Mr. de donde asked a question at a nationally televised press conference held by Governor Deval Patrick. Yes, I do. And that was a big deal for Infowars. Right.

Alex Jones  1:50:17
We have a lot of big deals. But yeah, that was it. But it was definitely interesting.

Chris Mattei  1:50:20
I mean, this was 2013. So this was nine years ago. Right? And am I correct that for Infowars to get that kind of national exposure at that time was a big deal.

Alex Jones  1:50:33
No, if you want to know technically going on with George Noory on Coast to Coast AM he says a big artist back then it was at least 20 million. That's real people listening.

Chris Mattei  1:50:42
This is your audience back then?

Alex Jones  1:50:43
No, no, no, no, no going on other people's big shows. Talk Radio, even though the media ignores it.

Chris Mattei  1:50:49
You are a guest on somebody else's show. And that was a big deal for you.

Alex Jones  1:50:53
Yeah, I mean, I would say him yelled that out at that press conference. I mean, it was interesting. It was, you know, we were like, oh, you know, you know, a good job. But basically, no, I mean, to answer your question, that's not that big a deal.

Dan  1:51:07
So here are a couple of clips from the 18. Oh, yeah. of Alex.

Jordan  1:51:11
Not that big deal. Not a big deal. Not that big a deal.

Unknown Speaker  1:51:14
Go to Boston right now. If you're listening. Yes. Get out of your basement, get away from your computer and go to Boston and started getting in the face of people and starting asking people questions. Yeah.

Alex Jones  1:51:25
Is getting double the traffic it's ever gotten. We broke a record a few days ago. Now. It's double that right now is smoke is coming out of it. Servers and fire.

Dan  1:51:35
Oh man doubled the traffic you've ever gotten. Not that big. And at this point he'd been on the show before, to double the tracking traffic of ever because not that big a deal? No, certainly not.

Unknown Speaker  1:51:48
We're more interested in the truth than we are about physician.

Alex Jones  1:51:51
By the way, Dan, you getting infowars.com out on every network. I said double the traffic that was earlier the report. It's like 50 times the traffic. We're a million visitors every couple minutes right now. Are you serious? Not that it's 100,000k new people every 60 seconds. Wow. Now that the IT guys I've never this is probably like the number one website in the world just during this window. While it is it is. It is 100,000k new joining who's already on it. This isn't hits. These are visitors every minute. While we're watching the New World Order burn down.

Dan  1:52:28
Yeah, so Maddie doesn't play those clips for him. But it was a big deal. Yeah, it

Jordan  1:52:33
was a big deal. Yeah,

Dan  1:52:34
this is delusional for him to be like, Wow, y'all. You go on coast to coast. That's real people. He was so excited about the idea of his name of Infowars being broadcast on a platform that wasn't in that niche, weirdo world.

Jordan  1:52:50
Yeah, it is. It is very much like. I mean, this is this is kind of the way that Colonel Travis would want it to go, you know, like he got drunk and celebrated every tiny victory along the way. And now he's about to be over. Come by the entirety of a fucking nation. Thank God.

Dan  1:53:10
So we know that Info Wars, the quickest path to getting hired there is to yell at liberals. A rally or something.

Jordan  1:53:19
Yeah, publicly get it on YouTube. Yeah, 100,000 views. Minimum, but

Dan  1:53:24
back in the day, it was contests. You got to win a contest. And it turns out the Bidadi won a contest.

Chris Mattei  1:53:30
And he was hired by you after submitting material as part of a contest that you were in, correct?

Alex Jones  1:53:37
I believe so. And the

Chris Mattei  1:53:39
idea was, you know, to your audience, submit us, you know, your some tape, and we're going to choose somebody to hire Correct? Yes. And you ended up hiring Dan Bidadi. And another gentleman Jakari. Jackson, as a result of that. Yes, that's right. Dan Bidadi moved down to Texas from Rhode Island, correct? Yes. And he started working for you down there as a full time employee, correct? Yes. And then at some point, in early 2013, or thereabouts, he left to come back up to Rhode Island, correct? Yes. Because he had left his wife at the time and his child up here, right.

Alex Jones  1:54:17
I didn't I don't know that. You don't know that? I mean, I didn't know that was reasonable. No, I I let him go is the reason he left. Oh, you fired him? Well, I just Yeah, those were actual reporter because he was he was he was not going out to the stores we told him to and and it was developing into come like at Howard Stern deal where he he was a joke. And I thought it was kind of lovable but then it would kind of get you know, not a good I'm gonna be mean to Dan Dan. So I think you know, overall a nice guy. It's just an eye. I wasn't looking for a Howard Stern type character. And that's what it was turning into. So you're fired. about it. I said he no longer was actually on the on the payroll working with Are you

Chris Mattei  1:55:00
and but despite the fact that he was somebody you fired and how would you describe the reason you fired him because he just he wasn't doing the stories that you told him to do. And it was his overall demeanor.

Alex Jones  1:55:14
He was he was he was going. I told him we were sending one reporter to the Jenna 21 conference. In a town outside Austin. Every it was one and he said, Don't go to it. He went to it. So,

Chris Mattei  1:55:26
is there a way to get rid of him? Yes. Was there any other reason? It just wasn't taking direction. Okay. It had nothing to do with his personality.

Dan  1:55:37
Ah, that is funny. Wow. So yeah, he was getting into a wack pack kind of thing. And so Alex said to get rid of him pretty quick. You know, he was he was around. He did the Boston bombing stuff. And then Canada, you know? Yeah, it wasn't really work on that anymore. You really did barely had a connection with him. I don't really even know his name,

Jordan  1:55:58
man. If been Gino listens to this. This is the first time he's gonna find out what Alex really feels about him because didn't we put on? Or Banani

Dan  1:56:06
Yeah, but Dante I guess they're both Dan's and their last names are similar. It's not my fault. Yeah,

Jordan  1:56:11
I'm gonna blame. I'm gonna blame the two of them for it. Sure. If they weren't bad. I wouldn't need to know either name. Great. But it is he seems he loves Alex in his in his deposition. He was like, Alex and I are great friends. Alex is so nice to me. I like working with Alex. We

Dan  1:56:29
haven't heard the deposition yet. Oh,

Jordan  1:56:33
I thought I thought we played one clip in the in the trial and the trial. The Austin trial. Yeah. No, it was in the Connecticut trial. Yeah.

Dan  1:56:41
Well, the deposition is from the Connecticut. Right. Right. Right. We've not experienced that. Yeah. So we may learn more about what these feelings. Okay, on the subject. Interesting. But yeah, so this is Alex's first framing of the firing of the donde shares. And of course, it's gonna erode from here as information piles up yet. But it's a nice first effort. opening gambit? It

Jordan  1:57:05
is yeah, it could be worse. Sure.

Dan  1:57:06
Yeah. So throughout this, there's a couple of points where norme tries to go off the record really fast because he wants to make like a joke or tell a little story. And I guess some of them aren't worth mentioning. And some I think we're actually caught and we're off the record. Sure. But this was recorded, and it's fucking nuts.

Norm Pattis  1:57:29
Well, they could go on record for one second. I just just couldn't get it out. Dzhokhar Tsarnaev into taking my niece. I can't hear you. This is off the record. I just saw this takes me back a long way. It was a stunning turn of events. And in New York, I get a phone call. You know who want that? And I'm like

Dan  1:57:52
yeah, so Joe Hart. Sarna took norms. Nice to prom. To junior prom.

Jordan  1:57:58
There's no, there's five guys. There's five guys on this planet. This is absurd. Yeah, what the fuck? Just have what did I just hear? Okay, all right, every any any sway. It's a Small World story is now gone for me. means nothing.

Dan  1:58:17
It makes some sense, though. I mean, they're both in the Northeast.

Jordan  1:58:20
The end.

Dan  1:58:23
So Alex believes that the traffic spike that he saw, right? Had nothing to do pletely unrelated the bombing completely unrelated.

Chris Mattei  1:58:32
Your monthly users went from 5.5 million in March to 11 point 6 million in April, correct?

Alex Jones  1:58:40
Yes. I mean, in the body. It is true that people tune in to my show when there's big events. We've had way more listeners because they know

Unknown Speaker  1:58:47
you're gonna say they're staged? No, right here in the

Alex Jones  1:58:49
Russia invasion.

Chris Mattei  1:58:50
Well, one of the reasons why they went on your website in April is because you got Dan Bidadi yelling about Infowars at a press conference reaction to

Alex Jones  1:58:58
the reaction. I don't think that send most of the traffic I'm sure except song is getting traffic and having it being successful. Bad. It's not bad.

Dan  1:59:10
So I mean, we just heard him say that the traffic was 50 times what it ever was. Yeah. Like immediately after Dan, but donde interrupted the press conference. So I think it can go fuck himself with that nonsense. So the question becomes, but don de went to Sandy Hook couple times in 2014 and 2015. Alex, you sent him? Yeah. And Alex tries to be slippery. And wow, it's unsuccessful. Okay.

Chris Mattei  1:59:42
You sent Mr. Bidadi. To Sandy Hook in 2014. Correct. objection is to form.

Alex Jones  1:59:50
I mean, I mean, I definitely was, he was going there. And I think I was.

Chris Mattei  1:59:54
Do you understand my question? Objection. I'm asking you. Did you send him yes or no? was in 2014. Half. So no, we just started saying to me just now was I he was going. So I'm going to ask my question again.

Alex Jones  2:00:07
Yes, yes. I sent him there sent him there. He was already going there. I said, Fine. Go there. No, no, no. Well, he was doing his own stuff. So

Chris Mattei  2:00:13
Mr. Jones, he wasn't going up to Sandy Hook in 2014. On his for his own purposes. Objection, object. You. You sent him to Sandy Hook in 2014. Did you imagine as to form?

Alex Jones  2:00:25
I don't remember. Fair enough.

Chris Mattei  2:00:28
Texas, you testified that the last thing he covered for Infowars was the Boston bombing. That's what you testified to. I'm

Alex Jones  2:00:35
not I've gotten that wrong.

Chris Mattei  2:00:39
I mean, you didn't get that wrong. You lied about that, didn't you? No, I didn't. And the reason you lied about it, is because you knew that he covered Sandy Hook for you. And you knew that was a problem for us to form.

Alex Jones  2:00:52
No, I just told you that Madani did some more work for us,

Chris Mattei  2:00:56
Mr. Jones. When you testified in March 2019. You didn't know what I know now. Oh,

Jordan  2:01:02
that's not good. No, that's not good. I

Dan  2:01:04
never want to hear that. Especially not from a lawyer. No, no. So Alex asks, What do you know? Right.

Chris Mattei  2:01:12
Now, I know Mr. Jones, that you sent him to Sandy Hook in 2014. And that you sent him there in 2015. We had

Alex Jones  2:01:18
about it. Are you gonna deny it? No, there's no secret. We had him on about it.

Chris Mattei  2:01:22
All right. Not only that you had him on but that you sent him up there. And he was working before? Yeah, correct. Here's here's why it's so hard for you to answer

Alex Jones  2:01:30
because around that time, I started saying that I didn't want to do so for forest periods. I'm trying to remember the times. Objection has

Unknown Speaker  2:01:36
been cut off. Mr. Jones, you sent him to cover Trump rallies in 2016. Objection, do you deny it?

Alex Jones  2:01:44
I believe we didn't pay him. I don't know

Chris Mattei  2:01:47
what I was getting out about the paying. Because as soon as you were sued, you instructed your staff to go and figure out when was the last time you paid the daddy did you not?

Alex Jones  2:01:55
Objection? Because you were the people were asking how long have you worked here and I had to figure that out. Real that's what I've been. I love how you guys want

Norm Pattis  2:02:04
me a question pending right now.

Jordan  2:02:08
Alex, stop talking for good. Whatever

Dan  2:02:09
you say shut up.

Jordan  2:02:11
If the only if the only experience that you have with the American legal system is through this show. How could you not think that every law situation isn't like who who ordered the code red like this is? Uh,

Unknown Speaker  2:02:26
this is insane. Sade? You sent

Jordan  2:02:29
him to Sandy Hook, didn't you? I

Jordan  2:02:30
tell you. You did, didn't you? Yes, I started. Like, what

Jordan  2:02:35
are we doing here?

Dan  2:02:37
We have to make

Jordan  2:02:40
such like, Hey, listen, I don't remember. I'm in the media all the time. These are some things below me like what are we doing, man?

Dan  2:02:48
Yeah, this is insane. Yeah, yeah, it is. Oh, so Alex, I think a fair assumption would be that he asked about the payroll with Bidadi because he wanted to know what the paper trail was. Of course, we know this. Not according to Alex, though, how could it be anything else? He just doesn't understand a ton of stuff too fair.

Unknown Speaker  2:03:11
When did you last talk to Mr. Bidadi?

Alex Jones  2:03:19
Years and years ago?

Chris Mattei  2:03:26
Like how many years?

Alex Jones  2:03:30
I mean, I don't remember it's been years. Three years, four years on.

Chris Mattei  2:03:35
Did you call him after your deposition in Texas?

Alex Jones  2:03:38
I don't believe so. Know.

Chris Mattei  2:03:41
Why you didn't. Mr. You didn't speak to Mr. Bidadi. On the telephone after you were deposed in Texas in the presence of a lawyer.

Alex Jones  2:03:51
I do not believe so. No,

Chris Mattei  2:03:53
you did not call Mr. Madani do apologize for the way that you miss characterize your relationship with him when you testified in Texas.

Alex Jones  2:04:00
I do not remember doing that if

Chris Mattei  2:04:01
I did. Offer to have him down to Texas for dinner. Was it was with you? No, I don't. Did you put the lawyer on to talk to Mr. Bidadi.

Alex Jones  2:04:17
I have no memory right next to you.

Chris Mattei  2:04:20
And you and the lawyer told Mr. Bidadi that he shouldn't talk about Sandy Hook.

Alex Jones  2:04:30
restaurant I drank it or something. And I remember something I remember with a lawyer or Banani or

Chris Mattei  2:04:36
remember after your deposition, Mr. Madani stating publicly that he had seen reports of your deposition in the press and that what you said about him wasn't true.

Unknown Speaker  2:04:47
I didn't remember that. Ooh.

Dan  2:04:49
I think if you're Alex, and you're getting these questions, and they're fairly specific, like an invitation to dinner and stuff like that kind of God who assumed that this is coming from rompa donde or or if you want to get wildly paranoid here they have your phone call recorded. They were spying on you or something. Five Eyes was watching

Jordan  2:05:12
Alex, you remember that time you tried to tamper with our witnesses? Do you remember that buddy? Do you remember how in the presence of a lawyer? Do you remember how this isn't some weird fantasy where you can go meet him? In the middle of a parking garage and witness tamper with your text message? And we have we have everything? Well,

Dan  2:05:30
to be fair, to be fair, when I made the call, I was wearing a trench coat.

Jordan  2:05:37
Instead of Deep Throat being there, he just fucking emailed it gradually. Yeah, exactly. Like what are we talking me through it from his car? thick neck?

Dan  2:05:47
Yep. So there's some conversation about financial stuff. And so like Alex's compensation, like he makes millions of dollars, right. And this is illustrated through documents that involve his draws from the company income from youngevity. Right. And then some stuff about PQ PR, the company that, you know, it had supplements and then it sells, Alex.

Jordan  2:06:16
It's yeah, yeah. The lie company, right?

Dan  2:06:18
Yeah. Alex tries to pretend that he doesn't know that he owns

Jordan  2:06:22
never heard of PQ PR in my life. Yeah, of course doesn't 13

Chris Mattei  2:06:26
Did you have any other sources of income other than the draw you took from the company in youngevity?

Alex Jones  2:06:32
Not that I can remember any substantive amount

Chris Mattei  2:06:34
in 2013? You formed PQ PR, correct?

Alex Jones  2:06:43
Yeah, I'd have to have you talked to the corporate buttless stuff. I think my dad formed it.

Unknown Speaker  2:06:49
What is pq? PR?

Alex Jones  2:06:51
It is a company that buys and manages and runs supplement products. Everything from vitamin D to whey powder

Chris Mattei  2:07:05
is a company buys them for sale. On your website. Yes. In other places, in what's your ownership share in PQ? PR?

Alex Jones  2:07:16
I don't know that. I don't have it in front of me. I think maybe none.

Jordan  2:07:23
Good, dry. Throw it out there. Maybe it'll work.

Alex Jones  2:07:29
I don't my dad has some other other companies. But I'm involved in those. So I mean, like I said, I can't really answer these questions properly. Because I'm not a corporate guy. I don't understand all the numbers and things.

Chris Mattei  2:07:39
Well, wouldn't you know, if you held a 90% interest in PL Jr, which itself held an 80% ownership?

Alex Jones  2:07:50
You guys have that? I mean? You don't know that? Oh, he put it off screen for

Dan  2:07:55
me. It's unfathomable that someone would be oblivious of this. Like it's just it's you. It strains credulity to imagine now

Jordan  2:08:03
it's a classic negotiating tactic. All right. How much do you think I own? I'm gonna throw out zero to start now. What are you going to come back with

Dan  2:08:10
130%? Alex wasn't lying, maybe in as much as saying like, he doesn't have Sure, sure. Sure. All right. Okay. It's just these other deputies that he owns that? Oh, cool. Great. So the Sandy Hook,

Jordan  2:08:30
like he's gonna deal. Now my dad owns that. And let me tell you something. He's a real shrewd businessman. I can't get a dime out of that guy. He is running me wild.

Dan  2:08:39
So the Sandy Hook investigation was released at a certain point. And, you know, obviously, it had some answers to the alleged anomalies that Alex was so concerned about some of those some of those information, some of that information is available AV. So the question becomes when did you really? Did you read that yet? If so, when did you read that? And Alex, is obfuscating here for no reason

Chris Mattei  2:09:06
at the end of 2013. You were aware that the Connecticut State's Attorney issued his report concerning his investigation into the Sandy Hook tragedy. 2013

Norm Pattis  2:09:24
Danbury state's attorney.

Alex Jones  2:09:25
I remember that, yes.

Chris Mattei  2:09:27
There was a report that was released in November of 2013. Do you remember that? Yes. And then there were supplemental reports that were released in December of 2013. Correct? Yes. And did you read both reports?

Alex Jones  2:09:42
I remember looking over

Chris Mattei  2:09:43
you do? How'd you how'd you obtain them?

Alex Jones  2:09:48
I don't. This all gets foggy because later they were for a while. They weren't released for a while. And they were I mean, I don't remember. I remember some big, big big part of the hubbub was a lot of stuff wasn't being released. The public wanted it and they weren't releasing it.

Chris Mattei  2:09:59
You know? I just asked you a question of how'd you obtain them? So, in response to that question, you've already testified that you review both reports that were issued in 2013. And now I'm asking you, How did you obtain them?

Alex Jones  2:10:11
I don't remember how obtained I don't remember when I reviewed them. I remember I've

Chris Mattei  2:10:15
well, you would have reviewed them right then. Right? I mean, right, you would have reviewed them right when they were came out. I don't remember. Okay. But that's something that obviously you would have done, given your claim that it was a hoax objection.

Alex Jones  2:10:27
I don't know. Like I said, I don't remember the specifics. I read a lot of stuff. Yeah.

Jordan  2:10:32
But I read a lot of stuff.

Chris Mattei  2:10:33
There was only one shooting in 2012 that claimed the lives of 26 people. And that you would call the hoax. So wouldn't you have wanted to see the report of the State's Attorney's office when it was issued? objection to investigate your claims?

Alex Jones  2:10:52
objection is to form I mean, I did look to report I don't remember when or exactly how, okay, but

Chris Mattei  2:10:56
wouldn't it have been your practice when an official report like that came out on an event that you had claimed was a hoax to read it as soon as you could? Actually.

Alex Jones  2:11:06
We definitely try to do stuff like that.

Unknown Speaker  2:11:09
Honestly, about you. Wow. Why

Alex Jones  2:11:11
don't you personally just being honest, I don't

Dan  2:11:13
remember when. Okay, so this is so easy for Alex and he could have gotten out of this good book. Yes. I read it. I don't care. I don't trust efficient investigations.

Jordan  2:11:21
That's the point. Yeah. I've never believed any of these things. Why would I? Yeah, it's

Dan  2:11:27
my standing policy, that the media is full of liars. The government is full of liars. And the people who are doing this investigation are covering shit up. Yeah. So I have a stated, like primary position, a default position of distrust. And so yeah, I read it as casual reading. It's a fiction novel. It's a Dean Koontz novel for me to read at the beach. I don't believe this shit. It is

Jordan  2:11:51
it is weird, because it is so quick. It's like, listen, the reason we are here right now is because I don't believe anything that government says. Are you asking me if I believed anything? The government said? Yeah.

Dan  2:12:02
It's it's, it's Alex seems to be trying to evade the question. As if the answer I don't believe the investigation is threatening to him. And it's no, that's your that's your game. It looks worse for him to be sort of.

Jordan  2:12:16
Yeah. Because then it looks like Oh, so you did? No, because you read the investigation. And now you're not telling me about it? Because you don't want me to know that you did? No.

Dan  2:12:25
Yeah. So the subject of Wolfgang Halbig begins to come up. And Alex is asked about his credentials. And of course, we have to conclude that pretty much all of it just came from Wolfgang Ying saying I got all these credentials.

Jordan  2:12:42
It was a suspiciously long list of credentials for one man to have said that he has. Yeah.

Dan  2:12:48
And one of them is that he had a long tenure with the state trooper organization. Yeah. And Alex eventually learned this was not the case. Oh, no, but he can't really answer how he learned. No, he

Jordan  2:13:00
can't. That's bad idea.

Chris Mattei  2:13:01
I'm sorry. You stated there that Mr. Halbig had a long career as a state police officer. Correct.

Alex Jones  2:13:06
I later learned that was not completely true. Okay.

Chris Mattei  2:13:10
How did you learn that wasn't true.

Alex Jones  2:13:11
I just remember people who want to salvage job two years later, wasn't the state police that long? Who told you that? Just I don't remember everybody. But like Paul Watson, Paul Watson, because we weren't all like in meetings like agreeing on what we thought was going on. Watson was a few of the people that call me that I remember I remember I remember and those of others, saying, hey, and then when Jim fetcher really got into it, I know he was into it, too later. Jim Fetzer now has some issues as well. So that's what I'm saying is that I just when I began to think, you know, Sandy Hook, when it may have actually indeed happened, and then when people would bring it up, and I would play devil's advocate for both sides of it, but I can see how there has been also see that and just sort of trying to not talk about it.

Chris Mattei  2:14:02
Mr. Jones, moved to strike. My question was, my question was, Who told you that Mr. Howe, we had not had a long career as a state police officer? I

Alex Jones  2:14:14
don't remember. Watching. Thank you. I have no idea. Yeah, I just

Dan  2:14:19
I probably knew from the job.

Jordan  2:14:21
Come on. Of course, you did. Look at the man read his credentials. You You're either that stupid or you're not choose. So Alex

Dan  2:14:29
can't really argue his way out of saying that Robbie Parker was an actor, right. But there's, there's something that he keeps saying, and there's clips of him saying this, that multiple people were actors. And Alex really has a difficult time explaining why he said that, Oh, you got

Alex Jones  2:14:48
people clearly coming up and laughing and then doing the same crime. We've clearly got people where his actors playing different parts and different people abilities.

Chris Mattei  2:14:58
Say we've clearly got People who are actors coming up and playing the parts of different people, right? Okay. So you got multiple actors, you're telling your audience, right? You wouldn't.

Alex Jones  2:15:11
I just told you that going back to this point in time, I can't remember everything I was discussing, or what was going on.

Chris Mattei  2:15:17
Okay. Mr. Jones, you just saw yourself, say words into the camera. Yes. The words that you said, we're, we've got more, we've got actors playing the parts of different people. Right? That's what you said. Right? Okay. Who are the actors?

Alex Jones  2:15:35
That's what folks were talking about what the coroner does, it looks like the same person did multiple roles.

Chris Mattei  2:15:40
Okay, so here you're referring to the coroner, an actor playing him, right?

Alex Jones  2:15:47
Or some or someone in multiple roles. So it's been people are saying, okay, that's what you were saying. Now, the Internet was saying a bunch of videos on

Jordan  2:15:55
the internet.

Chris Mattei  2:15:56
You didn't just say, the internet said this, you? We've clearly got actors playing multiple roles. That's what you said. Right. Okay. So and now what you're telling us is that you are referring to the corner, and that an actor who's playing that role, and then another role, right?

Alex Jones  2:16:16
That's what, that's what we were talking about. Okay, who else? That's all I remember.

Chris Mattei  2:16:21
Okay. So now you got Robbie. Mr. Parker, is an actor playing, playing Mr. Parker. Right. That's what you said.

Alex Jones  2:16:29
I mean, people were questioning whether it was acting.

Chris Mattei  2:16:33
You're questioning Mr. Jones, you said we've clearly got it. Those were your words, right.

Alex Jones  2:16:39
I've told you that.

Chris Mattei  2:16:40
So you got Robbie. And now you got an actor playing the corner? Right.

Alex Jones  2:16:46
That's what they've been saying. Yes.

Chris Mattei  2:16:48
That's what you said. I don't know why you're continuing to. Do you see anybody else on that screen?

Alex Jones  2:16:53
I don't understand what you're saying.

Dan  2:16:56
I can't understand what you're saying. All right. Now we're in now we're in crazy territory, emotionally. Because it is too threatening. Yeah. So yeah, you know, one of the things that I find interesting is how Alex has to distance himself, like from definitive claims. And anyway, it's right in line with what I've kind of had as a thesis for a long time. And that is the enemy of any of these people with specificity. You don't want to be nailed down to anything. So it's like, is that what you said? That's what the internet said? Yep. No, you just said that. Yeah. And the the one of the problems with specificity is that as you pursue it, these theories start to really sound dumb. Because the implications of these people being actors are clear. Like, it's clearly not something that's well thought through by the people who promoted these theories. Right. And this is explored by Maddie in this next clip, about how like, how would this make sense? Right, right. Let's imagine that Robbie Parker is an actor. If that then what else must be true? Yeah,

Jordan  2:18:08
he's he's doing us on Project Camelot. Like, let's tease this out and see how far these space aliens really go.

Dan  2:18:15
And essentially, you know, you get to a point where Alex has to admit that basically, every one has to be in on it. Yeah. In order for this to make any sense.

Chris Mattei  2:18:23
It's important to understand how this conspiracy plays out. Okay, and so I'm asking, I'm telling you, okay, I'm not asking that operation. Northwoods. Okay.

Alex Jones  2:18:33
Um, that's how they extract how the real parents and staged the kids desk, blow up the airplane. Hello, do it all.

Chris Mattei  2:18:39
Thank you. Well, let's just talk to you just tell me about you. Okay. What you think? All right, and what you are claiming. So your, your, your claim, your your claim? Your claim? In response to my question, that there's a fictitious person named Robbie Parker with an actor playing him. You'd agree with me that by going in front of the camera to millions and millions of people, there will be somebody who would know Hey, I know that guy. That's not Robin Parker. Right. Jackson Jackson just answered that question. Do you think that is that a reasonable expectation? No. Okay. And

Unknown Speaker  2:19:27
if somebody were to recognize it's a long term capability if somebody were to recognize

Chris Mattei  2:19:35
the person playing Ronnie Parker isn't in fact Robbie Parker that would blow the whole hoax right.

Norm Pattis  2:19:41
Objection. Do

Alex Jones  2:19:43
you know what a Potemkin villages answer my question. Not others are Potemkin village

Chris Mattei  2:19:50
by Potemkin village you mean everybody who was in the immediate community would have been in on

Alex Jones  2:19:57
it? Well, they set that up right during World War Two. That's No, no, no, no.

Chris Mattei  2:20:01
That's what you mean that everybody in the community has everybody been in a close knit? Okay. Which would mean, it's certainly all the parents of children who were killed would have to be part of that conspiracy, right?

Alex Jones  2:20:13
Or maybe didn't even happens, what they

Chris Mattei  2:20:15
were saying, Oh, but I'm asking you right when you're when you're talking about actors. Mr. Johnson, that's because you said clearly. You said it clearly. Did you tell your audience in that clip right now? Hey, I'm just speculating here. Could be totally did you say that in the clip I just showed you.

Alex Jones  2:20:37
clips out of larger things I gave you, Mr. Jones.

Chris Mattei  2:20:40
Did you say in the clip just showed you? I could be speculating here. Right. You said they're clearly actors. In what you're describing for me is a conspiracy in which where there is a mass shooting, that everybody involved in the mass shooting has to be in on the hoax right. For it to

Norm Pattis  2:20:59
work. Okay, injection. Okay. Oh,

Dan  2:21:03
I didn't think at the end, Alex would say yes. That seemed that seemed a little bit surprising. Oh, that's pretty satisfying, because there is a recognition that he has that yeah, this only makes sense. If like, it's sprawling as hell yeah. This conspiracy is gotta be grabbed. Yeah, yeah. And that kind of reveals how silly it is.

Jordan  2:21:24
I appreciate I appreciate that his moment of just like no, it's not no it's not all speculative. You sound like that was that was a pistols at dawn moment. Like fuck you for saying that. Get outside. We're throwing hands. How dare you?

Dan  2:21:39
There are a couple of moments. What?

Jordan  2:21:42
What the fuck are you know, you shut the fuck up.

Dan  2:21:45
Yeah. It's only human. Yeah, you can only let so much

Jordan  2:21:50
there's only so much that one man can take

Dan  2:21:53
So Alex, one of the things that's really important for him in terms of framing his behavior around Sandy Hook is he needs people to not be aware of how aware he was of Wolfgang how bigs action Right, right. Because if he is aware of them, then platforming Wolfgang helping him fundraise. It kind of becomes problematic. Yeah, it's an issue. And so in this setting, Alex tries to really limit his awareness.

Chris Mattei  2:22:26
So you knew that How big was going up there? Right? Yes. And you knew that Madonna was going up there. Right. Yes. In your head. Mr. Halbig on the show just a few days after that. Board of Education meeting to discuss what had happened. Correct. Okay.

Chris Mattei  2:22:43
Am I right? I don't really remember. But all right. Well, did you were you aware that?

Chris Mattei  2:22:50
Mr. Halbig when he had visited New Town had engaged in a confrontation at the New Town firehouse.

Alex Jones  2:23:02
I know there were some confrontations. I don't remember exactly who was.

Chris Mattei  2:23:07
You remember that? He had a confrontation with police at the United Way charity.

Alex Jones  2:23:15
I remember there was some type of argument or something.

Unknown Speaker  2:23:18
Okay. At United Way charity.

Alex Jones  2:23:21
I vaguely remember. Seeing bad camerawork people yelling at each other.

Chris Mattei  2:23:29
Okay, let's play. Exhibit 56. D pardon me, Mr. Jones, this has been produced USA so 5060s Or Yes. 56 is the May 13 2014 interview. And 56 D is a clip of an interview with Mr. Halbig.

Alex Jones  2:23:56
What do you think really happened to Sandy Hook, people can see your 16 questions and Sandy Hook justice.com. And when we just salute your your will to go out there at a police cars walk into United Way and Okay. Okay.

Chris Mattei  2:24:10
So you recall that prior to having Mr. Hawley going on that day, you became aware that he had had a confrontation, at least in your telling with eight police cars at the United Way. It's

Alex Jones  2:24:20
just reminded me, okay,

Jordan  2:24:21
this just reminded me stuff. Oh, you know what, you guys are actually helping me out today. How about that? I didn't remember that.

Dan  2:24:30
Yeah. So before this interview that you did with him, you were aware of him harassing people at the United Way. You have an interesting way of trying to frame it as a heroic quest that the police were stopping him from. Yeah, be that as it may. You knew about it. Yeah. So go fuck yourself. Yeah. Now, there are a number of things that I'm just not including in here. And that is that Maddie walks Alex through a bunch of the alleged anomalies. They share how big had about Sandy Hook? Right? And then there's the explanation of like, you knew this wasn't true. Right? Here are the things you lied about. Yeah. And we've heard this another deposition. So I'm not going to include much of it, except for places where it is a little bit interesting. Such as this, the discussion of the Bloomberg email that and this email, it has become a new thing. Now. It's a new thing. It's not so much about the Bloomberg Bloomberg email. Isn't the Bloomberg email now maybe like a gun group that Bloomberg? gives money?

Jordan  2:25:35
Yeah, yeah. All right.

Chris Mattei  2:25:38
That email that you're referencing. You've never been able to produce it. Right?

Alex Jones  2:25:47
I'm notified it never was years and years later, like five years after plus that I got sued. But

Chris Mattei  2:25:54
your your Why didn't you? Why didn't you show the email to your audience as further proof?

Alex Jones  2:26:01
I do remember all the shows, that it was an activist one of those one of the ones he found saying Get ready, we needed to be ready for that the mass shooting you

Unknown Speaker  2:26:08
showed you show the email, the next mass shooting, you show the email?

Alex Jones  2:26:13
I was I was yes, it was. It was a report I think they sent out. It was it was it was like not just an email, it was like a story.

Unknown Speaker  2:26:24
Explain that to me a little bit

Alex Jones  2:26:25
more. I'm going vaguely from memory. But it was it was one of his anti gun control groups in a communication saying get ready for mass shooting. Right?

Chris Mattei  2:26:33
I'm trying to understand the difference between email and report you said you think it might be? What did you show your audience is really what I'm

Alex Jones  2:26:42
in communication from while they answer. One of the anti gun groups.

Chris Mattei  2:26:53
You remember which which group? Now I know. You were asked about that email in your Texas depositions,

Alex Jones  2:27:06
right? I believe so. Yes.

Chris Mattei  2:27:09
Did you acknowledge in your Texas deposition that you were wrong that he had? Not? That the email you were referencing actually had not been sent out the day before?

Alex Jones  2:27:18
You refresh my memory? Can I use it? Yeah, you got it. All right. Terrible. Refresh my memory what they showed me?

Chris Mattei  2:27:23
Well, I mean, you testified in in Texas just a few months ago in December.

Alex Jones  2:27:29
I don't I don't remember him talking about this. I mean, let me say when I walk out of here, damn, I remember this either.

Chris Mattei  2:27:36
Well, I hope you do. Because I'm gonna ask you about some of this tomorrow.

Dan  2:27:39
So

Jordan  2:27:40
I mean,

Dan  2:27:42
just it's it's on fathomable that he has no memory, I just,

Jordan  2:27:49
I mean, at a certain point, if I'm, if I'm Chris here, I'm just like, Hey, everybody, stop. turn the cameras off. All the lawyers leave Alex. It's just you and me. I promise you. I will not say a word about what we talk about. Once they're gone. Okay. Stop gaslighting me. You and I both know, right. And you and I both know, I'll pretend that I have no idea if you just allow me to repent for reality. It's

Dan  2:28:13
even better if Alex says I don't know. There's a little bit maddening. It is, especially this when it's combined with the movement of the goalposts. Yeah, you know, like, it's not a Bloomberg email from the day before. Now, it's a group that put out a report or something at some point. You know, it's so vague as to be meaningless now, whereas it was like a smoking gun for him. Totally.

Jordan  2:28:38
No, it is, it is like you have assaulted my reality for so long. I need this from you right now. Just tell me you fucking know, just tell me, you know, and that I live in real reality and that you're a fucking

Unknown Speaker  2:28:51
liar. I don't know Java.

Dan  2:28:54
So, we talked about this a little bit earlier. But the overwhelming sense that I get from Alex, as I listened to more of these depositions and think about it is He really seems to have an emotional shut off, where he refuses to accept things about his past behavior, right. And so like, when you're asking about like, Did you review that show? No, I didn't. And probably part of the reason is because you don't want to have a fresh memory of Right, right. And then it's just it just stinks of cowardice.

Alex Jones  2:29:31
Yeah, but what I'm telling you is, is that is that I'm mentally I don't think anybody could, like, sit there and dwell on this all the time and be even half sane. Okay, so I wish that everybody heard about Sandy Hook. Absolutely. That make mistakes. Yes. But man, I like my brain recoils from it. It's all I hear constantly. Well, but mister 1000s of articles a month. All the demonization all the attacks. Great. I don't feel like a victim. I'm just telling you that Have a coping strategy of do not do not dwell on this or I mean, it's just, you know, this is it. So I'm just being completely honest with you that, that I, I just basically put this out of my mind. And I'm trying my best to answer these questions for you. Okay? And because because I want, I just, I just want you guys to have your anti free speech show trial. And until you get it over with, get your stuff, do your deal, whatever. Okay, just move on to whatever the next thing

Chris Mattei  2:30:35
I think I think that's enough. That's not really a response to the question I asked you. But I do just want to say, I want to ask you this, you know, because there have been several times throughout this deposition where you've suggested that, that I or I guess, lawyers are on some sort of anti First Amendment campaign. And, and I mean, you look at me with that face. But you

Alex Jones  2:31:02
objected the Democrats aren't free speech everywhere. Do you realize Kancil culture

Chris Mattei  2:31:05
on Mr. Jones, do you realize that the people who have brought this suit against you, our families, who lost children and relatives at Sandy Hook, do you understand that? Yes,

Alex Jones  2:31:18
okay. And I understand it's being used by the Democratic Party in the media that want to not just get the Second Amendment the first moment as well. The New York Times had a headline, like last week saying, basically get rid of the First Amendment. And don't ask questions. I mean, it's ridiculous to deny that there's a major anti free speech movement in America, and that I'm not being used and my mistakes aren't being used to demonize everybody. I've been D platformed, over Sandy Hook, that it was used by everybody else's free speech. They admit Alex Jones was a test case. And then now this is being used to go over the First Amendment as well. And so they may think you can compartmentalize this with New York Times versus Solomon, and that you guys will keep that stuff for corporate press, but it's not going to work like that. And, you know, the, the way all this is going is is is extremely dangerous for everybody. Me. I mean, at the end of the day, I understand that I've just been turning like a character. And that, and that's what that is, I'm just telling you that I'm really trying to answer your questions. Truthfully,

Chris Mattei  2:32:19
I'm gonna object to that as non responsive, but I've heard what you said. And so maybe we don't need to have speeches like that anymore that aren't responsive. Okay. Okay.

Dan  2:32:29
Okay. So there's obviously a woe is me. Yes. To this, which is pretty tired. I would say, yeah. I think it's also like really disrespectful and shameful. The way that this is, he's processing all of this. But I do kind of think that based on the way he's describing this, it is a coping mechanism for him. Yeah. He doesn't want to deal with the fact that, you know, he took an out of context, deceptively edited clip from when Robbie Parker was coming on to stage and he terrorized him. Yeah, he doesn't want to recognize that the rest of that speech was a heartfelt thing of a moment of grace, honestly, and I wouldn't want to do recognize that if I were him either. I get it. I understand that but you like the alternative here is just pathetic. At a certain point you you have to

Jordan  2:33:32
and you can see it just so clearly leave

Dan  2:33:35
it Gangstar song we all must make face our moment of truth.

Jordan  2:33:39
Ah, that does sound true. Yeah. I don't think we all must. But a lot of people will

Dan  2:33:44
look or you're the one who's arguing with gurus, some people, right?

Jordan  2:33:47
No, in the way that he's when when Maddie is really trying to like, okay, fine, you one. I'm proud of him. Maddie for not sinking his teeth in whenever Alex is like, I'm tired. I just want this all to go away. Like, oh, oh, do you owe a decade long, Sam? Yep, who you owe you just wanted to you know, like, proud of him for that. You know, but that moment where he's getting back, you understand what we're doing here. I understand you think the First Amendment, the Second Amendment, all that stuff, but you know that it's about the families. Alex cannot let that sit for a second. Immediately. Instantly. I ended up with the New York Times and they're using the families and they're all it has to be instant. Because if he is allowed to sit with that thought for a second. He's fucked.

Dan  2:34:36
Yeah, he's fucked. Yep. The recognition of that pierces his argument. Yeah, too. too strongly. Yeah.

Jordan  2:34:43
So he can't it can't not even a breath in between. Yeah. And also

Dan  2:34:48
listening to this. And this next clip also, I mean, it is definitely a sense that I get that lawyers should. Maybe it's never really needed to happen before but now they need an objection that is just shut

Jordan  2:35:00
up. Yeah. Objection, stop this. Yeah, cut it

Dan  2:35:05
off, because Alex just has a tendency to launch it to meaningless speeches.

Alex Jones  2:35:09
Yeah. Watch this.

Alex Jones  2:35:17
I mean, it's just ridiculous

Unknown Speaker  2:35:21
deposit there. Who were you mocking there?

Alex Jones  2:35:30
You have to understand that with these events, all American gun owners being blamed for tragic events, if somebody runs oversight with a car, all car owners, and then so people get tired of being accused of things they haven't been involved in. So then it becomes subconscious. And then they start rejecting everything. They're being told by the establishment media. And the brain figures out ways to say it's not true, because it's too horrible to imagine children like that being executed. And that's you. And I've talked about this before. So real

Dan  2:35:59
quick, we'll get back to this man during speech. But the way that Alex is describing this, this is not questioning things. This is this is somebody who believes that a group that he identifies as being a part of is being blamed for things that they're not, and then deciding that in order to not have to face that scrutiny that he imagines and not have to defend this group, I will make things up about events that I find threatening to do that group. It's bizarre, it's, it's not. It seems like if Alex can articulate this, then he should be able to take the next step and recognize that what he has done throughout his career, and that fits this mold is just bullshit. Yeah, it's I think it's not questioning things. It's not standing up to the establishment known anyway.

Jordan  2:36:58
No, no, I What, what it is, I think, and I it's, it's something that we is really under examined, but I feel like what happened to the conservative, right, whenever everybody was like, hey, maybe racism and homophobia and all that stuff is bad, right? Don't say that in public. Right? They created a different language out of our language, right? You know, they created this whole. Okay, well, we

Dan  2:37:23
know what the Atwater comment. We

Jordan  2:37:26
know what we mean, when we say this, right? But the problem is

Dan  2:37:30
states, right, right. We're really saying the N word exactly.

Jordan  2:37:35
When I say questioning things, I don't mean question things. That's not my language, right? So we find ourselves in a situation where these two languages are at complete odds with each other, because Alex's language is built entirely around lying about what the words mean.

Dan  2:37:51
Yeah, there may there may be, we might need a linguist. I mean, kind of, honestly, like yours through this,

Jordan  2:37:57
you would need to understand all of the ways that they lie, or that they tell each other the truth and lie to us.

Dan  2:38:05
I think, you know, I think that might be why our our understanding of Alex is slightly different than a lot of other folks. Yeah, immersion in the language of his bullshit. Yeah. Anyway, here, get ready for a bunch of that language, right.

Alex Jones  2:38:19
And the media ran with it. But I'm, I'm happy they did, because it's really true, that I didn't consciously get up there, and try to misrepresent or a lot of people, I've gotten somewhat better over the years, because most of what I say is accurate and true. And I've gotten better as the show's gotten so much more successful. I've gotten older, it's taught me how to do things better. But I did not make those with the psychosis. And I don't have a psychosis, I said, it's almost like a form of that. And it's happening everywhere, where people don't believe anything anymore. From the corporate media or the government anything because they've been lied to so much. And it's really the system's fault that people have lost total comp, competence or, or confidence in it. And it's a real crisis. And I learned right around this time, when I started pulling away from things like Sandy Hook and other events where they thought everything was a crisis actor, and I was Beau Bridges. And that I'm Bill Hicks, and crazy people coming to my office and you know, saying I was covering up a shooting in the in Texas and that I was there. And I was this person. And I just started thinking, you know, just because the media lies some of the time it gets things wrong and the government does doesn't mean every time it is and I saw the craziness for both ends. The establishment wanted to censor want to stop anybody questioning. You got everybody over here believing nothing. They say finding reasons not to believe it. It's just it's like staring into the abyss you become the abyss. And so I've been I've been honest about, you know, what went on here. And then as soon as I began to say, I don't want those people on the show. You got the emails and stuff and I don't want people I don't want any more of that, than those people said that I was on the government. A roll that I was covering up Sandy Hook. And then they

Unknown Speaker  2:40:03
had Mr. Jones, I have to stop you.

Alex Jones  2:40:05
I'm just telling the truth. No,

Chris Mattei  2:40:06
you didn't even answer my question. So I asked the questions. The question I asked you

Jordan  2:40:21
I can't get everybody talking at the same time. Okay,

Chris Mattei  2:40:23
we're gonna play that clip. And I'm going to ask you the exact same question. Okay. And I just want to answer my question. Okay.

Dan  2:40:29
So one of Alex's obvious strategies is just keep talking and hope people forget where this started. Right. The question was, Who are you mocking in that clip, right? And everything he was saying had nothing to do with that. It was just talking. And it's things that he is, you know, it's these wrote speeches that he's given repeatedly. It's these meaningless platitudes. And, you know, it's really, really effective. Because I think that generally speaking, when you're not dealing with a lawyer who doesn't care about your bullshit, right, you're going to be able to keep talking until someone latches on to one of the things that you're saying, and boom, you're off the topic that you don't want to talk about. Yep. Alex doesn't want to recognize that he was mocking this person. Yeah. And all right. It's not gonna work in this room, but maybe maybe everywhere else.

Jordan  2:41:24
I believe that every lawyer in America should listen to this. Not to learn anything but because they should all feel jealous of Chris not because he got a billion dollar judgment, which is fucking great. I'm sure a lot of lawyers I bet would wish they had had a billion dollar

Dan  2:41:41
judgment under there. The only thing better is being norm and losing.

Jordan  2:41:45
exactly know what they should all be jealous of is the moment that Chris got to. Bollocks up fucking Jones.

Dan  2:41:53
It is nice to show the subject of a Don Salazar's article. The FBI says no one was killed in Sandy Hook, right comes up. And Alex apparently learned that that article was bullshit in a very interesting way. I don't believe the story at all. Okay, but after Alex tells this nonsensical story, he throws a dawn under a bus. Yeah,

Chris Mattei  2:42:20
right now I'm just asking you about any conversation you recall having with Mr. Salazar about this particular article.

Alex Jones  2:42:30
Sometime a few years ago, before lawyers brought it up to me, it was pointed out to me by somebody at a coffee shop, came over and said, You're a fucking piece of shit. Their laptop Look at this. They don't this state police get the statistics get behind. It's dirty. You're gonna and then I'm every morning saying something with Dawn about it. And I remember like, whenever that was the first time I heard about it, okay. And then the second time he anything I'll

Chris Mattei  2:43:00
get to the second time. Just want to situate in time, this conversation that you had in the coffee

Alex Jones  2:43:05
shop? I don't remember but somebody's got my face about it. Okay.

Chris Mattei  2:43:08
And then you obviously from there had a conversation with Don about it. And you think that was before this lawsuit was?

Alex Jones  2:43:19
Was it? Yeah, I think it was like right around before the time, because it all got brought up when Trump won a run for Trump almost when my Sandy Hook stuff got brought on the media nationally. So it was all back then. And then somebody yelled at me something. And then I remember saying something to Adan saying See I told you this is bullshit. Because we've argued about it. I don't respect it. I don't like it. Donnie has a lot of big reporting all this stuff. And it's just he kind of has this thing about Sandy Hook. And I just remember telling him no more See, see no more.

Dan  2:43:52
See no more. This person yelled at me at a coffee shop know why don Wow. Yeah. Put it down. wouldn't listen, he just loved talking about Sandy Hook. So

Jordan  2:44:01
I got a pitch for the next trials. Okay. Alex has to testify in a soundproof glass booth. All right, so we can see him there. Alright, he's got two buttons. Red Button green button. Yes. No. All right. And if we need a more complicated answer, there's a flap that will open that went in

Dan  2:44:21
so that would be interesting. I also think that as I think more and more about this you know Alex has this like pretend thing where it's like if only I could have gotten a trial they're like, fuck you. Imagine if there was a court case and they got to call people like Adan yeah all the data donde all these people to the stand, Alex would be you'd lose harder than a default. It would be it'd be worse. Yeah, for him. Yeah, this illusion of like, if only I got in a driveway. You're lucky you didn't get a trial. I mean, what they share all that dirty laundry in a court setting like terrible A's

Jordan  2:44:58
Terrible idea if it was a criminal trial the crimes would be just oh, man, man. Whoa, whoa, boy.

Dan  2:45:06
So the wolf gang and Alex's conspiracies continue to be discussed and Alex's can't answer any of the questions about the this bullshit that they've been saying.

Alex Jones  2:45:19
Wolfgang W Albert's our guests, former state police officer and worked with dozens. And then over the last decades created one of the biggest, most successful school safety training ribs and he just has gone investigated all these $3 Bill and they've been banned. Well, can you drop the bombshell of your scores of points, your system, your 16 questions. If you've got a school of 100 kids, and then nobody can find them, you got parents laughing. Then I walk over some kid. Not just one, but a bunch of parents that I miss. And then photos of kids and still alive they sent died. I mean, they think was so dumb, that it's really hidden in plain view.

Chris Mattei  2:46:03
So I want to ask you specifically about this claim you made that if you had a school of 100, you have a school of 100 kids and nobody can find the kids. What are you talking

Alex Jones  2:46:14
about? I don't remember the context of this years ago,

Chris Mattei  2:46:17
when you say you have not just one but a bunch of parents who are fake crying. Who might be talking about I

Alex Jones  2:46:27
don't remember, it must have been some other videos or I wouldn't have said that.

Chris Mattei  2:46:30
When you say you have a photo of a bunch of kids who are still alive, that they say died, what photo are you talking about? I don't remember which one that is? Aren't you talking about the Super Bowl photo that Mr. Halbig sent you? That might be?

Jordan  2:46:45
Maybe oh my god,

Dan  2:46:46
Alex has already been deposed in Texas and had a long conversation about that photo and how dumb it is. So I mean, the yes, here is very strange, as if he doesn't, like if you remembered that he shouldn't be like, I can't. I don't know. I don't remember might be at? Well, but all this is just like, I don't know, I don't know what I was talking about. I have no idea. I must have based it on something because I wouldn't just make it up. I

Jordan  2:47:10
mean, that's a prop. That's a problem. That's a that's a problem of thought. That's not a good thought process. Well,

Dan  2:47:15
again, you don't want to recognize that you just make shit up. Yeah. And you know, when you're faced with evidence of the making shit up? No, I must have based it on something. Because because the the MacGuffin, the the illusion of that there is something there. Yeah, is powerful.

Jordan  2:47:38
You know, this might be the ultimate test case for that, that phenomenon of, you know, if you're confronted by somebody who thinks something differently than you, your natural defensiveness makes you defend a position that maybe if you weren't locked in that headspace, you could slowly kind of tease your way out, you know, that kind of thing. You know, the more forceful you are do your disagreed with, the more likely you are to disagree back with force, you know, what, like, of all the people who have studied that, what would it take for Alex, you know,

Dan  2:48:13
to? What would it take to? Nothing?

Jordan  2:48:18
I mean, like, is there is it possible? No, you know, like, there's no possible way

Dan  2:48:23
No, I don't think from another person. I think it would just take external circumstances. Yeah, you need to find a position where it'd be more profitable for him to recognize things. That's probably and

Jordan  2:48:35
that's that is funny. That's that's so fucked up. That's like treating him like a fucking shark or a force of nature or something like

Dan  2:48:42
I wouldn't, I wouldn't say he's a force of nature. Not

Jordan  2:48:45
force of nature. Like something something that is is outside of any kind of control whatsoever. Shark Yeah, shit. He's an asshole shark.

Dan  2:48:54
Should he shark bah, bah,

Jordan  2:48:55
bah, shark, the shark who doesn't even eat half of issues? Like, I like to throw it away?

Dan  2:49:00
Yep. So they have data that shows that there was a giant spike in traffic on the day that a Don's article and Wolfgang was on, right? And that corresponded with a big spike in revenue. And Alex says something here that maybe he shouldn't have, because it reveals potential failure to turn over data.

Jordan  2:49:24
Man, those crimes are tough to remember which ones are which this one's bad,

Dan  2:49:29
and it's so bad that norm tells him to shut up now that sounds

Jordan  2:49:33
right. You

Chris Mattei  2:49:34
saw with me and you'd agree with me that during the three day period, you published false report that the FBI had said nobody died at Sandy Hook. You had a spike in traffic to your website, correct?

Alex Jones  2:49:44
Yes, I can show you times when we covered Sandy Hook when we had less viewers. I don't know why there. You've got this here of them sending this back and forth to their friends. And I guess a dog might have been the dog story. He's like, Oh, look, my story did well, but that's not me directly. And I wasn't aware of

Chris Mattei  2:50:02
your business manager, Tim fu J, sending these, this data about the performance of the website.

Alex Jones  2:50:10
And I think that's really downsells. I don't know, I forgot to ask about those. But that's them, I guess wanting to know how this is going. But I'm pretty well, but not to show but what I can show you is because they've done an analysis is who's done these guys? What's the analysis? It's upwards of 80, upwards of 80% of the time, when we cover save money on a shopping cart, no

Jordan  2:50:32
traffic does not go up. So you know

Chris Mattei  2:50:34
that that documented? So that's something you can produce to us, right? Yeah, yeah. Okay, great. Well, why don't you tonight when you take a break, because

Norm Pattis  2:50:43
we're not producing anything tonight? Well, what's

Chris Mattei  2:50:47
the one, if you have some sort of analysis document documented showing that 80% finished showing that 80% of the time that Mr. Jones covered Sandy Hook, he either had, I don't know what he said flat revenue, or if there's some sort of document that shows a corresponding relationship between when you cover Sandy Hook is traffic that should have been produced?

Alex Jones  2:51:11
Store storage store traffic and profit?

Chris Mattei  2:51:13
Okay, well, I'll tell you what, I have a little bit of that to Mr. Jones. And this

Alex Jones  2:51:16
has been cherry picked. So what I'm saying is that, if I remember correctly, that's where I'm saying is 2020, almost 80% of the time, that's what I'm talking about, is it's in the lower end of the shopping cart. So on average, what

Unknown Speaker  2:51:31
data did you use? Did you do this analysis yourself? Just yesterday,

Alex Jones  2:51:40
the lawyers and analytics people trying to figure out what

Unknown Speaker  2:51:45
did you do the analysis that you're discussing right now yourself?

Alex Jones  2:51:48
No. They came in they said, This is really this really, Mr.

Norm Pattis  2:51:51
Johnson? I'm not advising you not to waive any attorney client.

Alex Jones  2:51:55
Okay. We'll just, you'll see. Okay, good.

Dan  2:51:58
Norm had to object to just Alex talking. Oh, man. Yeah, there's a lot of problems with the idea that this exists. First of all, tons of data that wasn't turned over that was required to be turned over. There is an internal definition within Infowars of the times that Alex talked about Sandy Hook. Not good, which would be interesting to compare to what they turned over. Seems like they didn't turn over everything. Yeah. So this is this is deeply deeply problematic for Alex. If he's not just making shit up, which he probably is just making shit up.

Jordan  2:52:34
Yeah, he's gonna say that is nice for that is a good like backdoor for all of Alex's lawyers committing crimes is they could just be like, Ah, he's lying about it. And what are you gonna say? That's tough to Yeah, you're probably right. He is probably lying about it.

Dan  2:52:47
Fair point, then. So they end up looking at an article. I believe it's the Arctic the FBI article. And Alex sees a banner on it. No, for DNA

Jordan  2:53:00
for Alex does not have ideas does.

Dan  2:53:04
Alex, did you have ideas this late in the game? Alex gets it in his head, that he can argue that the reason there was a giant spike in sales and traffic? Oh, no, is because DNA force was back.

Jordan  2:53:18
Are you telling me that Alex is going to try and win this case in this deposition? Right here right now? You bet.

Chris Mattei  2:53:25
We just pull up an insert. We pulled back up exhibit 17. And what you can see is exactly what you described earlier that when you publish this article, you are running a 33% off sale on DNA force plus, which you're saying was recently back in stock, right? Yes, we okay. And and you're advertising it on an article that was getting a spike in traffic that week to your website? Correct. was

Alex Jones  2:53:53
advertising on every page? Well, you don't know that? No, no.

Chris Mattei  2:53:57
We don't you don't you can't say it sitting here today under oath that that advertisements randomized to form on every page of your website on that particular day, is that your testimony?

Alex Jones  2:54:09
You have a load into a computer, and it places them on there, whatever the new

Dan  2:54:13
data is. So we have a possible explanation that Alex has found, yeah, for why there was a giant spike in in sales, because Danny forces back on. Now, this does not account for the gigantic spike in traffic that wouldn't necessarily correlate well. Let's calm it down there. So there is some confusion. But you know, there's also an argument to be made that you had a sale that you were advertising on article that was going viral. That was a lie about Sandy Hook. Yeah, maybe that doesn't actually help. But Alex is so excited. He's so thrilled that he's found a way to argue that

Alex Jones  2:54:57
that was a static banner and whatever we put there is everywhere. That's the number one banner ad as soon as DNA force comes back in, we always put it up because it's the best seller.

Chris Mattei  2:55:06
If there are more people visiting your website and seeing that ad, you're selling more of it, right?

Alex Jones  2:55:12
Yes, absolutely. But we

Jordan  2:55:14
didn't. Oh, yeah, that makes sense.

Alex Jones  2:55:16
We didn't Premeditatedly Hamadan write that article. Because DNA force plus was back, I'm sitting there going, why is that such traffic? Why? Because this could be anything. Articles don't buy themselves sell stereo, I've been a product came back in and I'm like, boom, DNA. Show you, you go through those big spikes. And it's gonna be because a product that's been sold out, it's five or six, new popular, has come back in I know what sells stuff. And it's the product they're buying.

Chris Mattei  2:55:45
Right? Well, and it's also your pitch, right? I mean, you're you're your own best. No, we

Alex Jones  2:55:48
have it on auto ship. And so they want it and so you have the first day, the auto ship hits, and that's why it's so big. And the people that want to get it. That's how it works.

Chris Mattei  2:56:02
Okay. Do you know how long this ad had been running? By September? 24 2014?

Alex Jones  2:56:09
Not a good question. I mean, I'm guessing because we see spikes. Do you know in general, we got to try to be completely honest with you. All right.

Dan  2:56:24
He got so excited to be like, big ly honest with you, because he's found a way that he thinks is explanatory way to get around this very clear piece of

Jordan  2:56:36
evidence. They've all had it. They've all had one moment, at least in every deposition that we've seen. I diary, I remember had a big one. I can't remember exactly about what but I remember all of a sudden, like cuz she's

Dan  2:56:47
been there's the array of sunshine comes through his window. Totally.

Jordan  2:56:51
She'd been getting her ass kicked for hours. And then all of a sudden she gripped on something. And she was like, I've got this you know, and it's like, how can you possibly be there?

Dan  2:57:01
Why are you like up for sports? Why are you game to see what you can? Absolutely gone. What are you doing? Just shut it down, man,

Jordan  2:57:12
like, Oh, this one I can win. What are you doing? We're not in a win or lose situation situation.

Dan  2:57:17
It's not gonna happen. Now how this works gonna be a disaster for an idiot. So Alex, famously in his when one of the clips of him saying that Sandy Hook was totally fake with actors, he claims that he did deep research. And so Chris, Matty now tries to figure out what was that research? Exactly.

Alex Jones  2:57:39
But it took me about a year was the Grinch was effective, the whole thing's fake. I mean, even I couldn't believe I knew they jumped on it, use the crisis, typed it up. But then I did deep research and my gosh, it just pretty much didn't happen.

Chris Mattei  2:57:58
That's what you said at the end of 2014. Right?

Alex Jones  2:58:00
Yep, just a repeat of the other stuff all hangs together.

Chris Mattei  2:58:03
I do want to ask you about the deep research that you did.

Alex Jones  2:58:07
I've admitted some of that was wrong. And

Chris Mattei  2:58:09
the deep research that you did well, he's down deep research. What did you do?

Alex Jones  2:58:16
Well, looking into videos going over the information later on learned some of those anomalies weren't, were accurate. I've said that here,

Unknown Speaker  2:58:21
looking at what videos all we've done today,

Alex Jones  2:58:25
that's going over these things. And I've admitted where I was wrong. And I've told you that so you can have to repeat it over and over again to be one No,

Chris Mattei  2:58:31
no, but you haven't shared with me the deep research that you purge going over, you gotta let me finish. Okay. We're almost at a break. So let's just get through this, this part here. Okay. You said that you did deep research all right. Now, I want to understand as comprehensively as you can tell me what that deep research included because that's what you told your audience you had done. And that that research had led you to the conclusion that the whole thing was fake. So what research did you do

Alex Jones  2:59:09
watching videos reading the transcripts interviewing people and their views on it and didn't understand at the time but it just come out? This is all record like this, I can assure you that the government ship 10s of 1000s of guns purposely in the Mexico to get a high death count to be able to ban guns here. Operation Fast and Furious. That's why Eric Holder had to resign and just a whole background other things coming out then it just looked to me like it probably was staged. And and I think I think I'm wrong about that. I think I convinced myself of that. Pretty soon after this.

Dan  2:59:44
diet has nothing to do with this. There's no research I guess maybe he could pretend like I looked deeply into fast and furious, but like that doesn't have to do with Sandy Hook unless you make it about it. Yeah, that's you. That's the connection that you're making. I watched videos what videos were All right, I watch I read transcripts what transcript right.

Jordan  3:00:03
Wow. All right. Let me that I think that's a situation where you really have to like dig even deeper when you just use the word like, Okay, before we get into deep research Oh, no, no, no. What do you what is the word research mean to you like a regular research before we get into deep what's a regular reader? Hear

Dan  3:00:19
me out on this? Yeah. Ask them ask me the question. Like, I'm Alex.

Jordan  3:00:22
Okay. What deep research did you do?

Dan  3:00:26
I dug deep within my mind. I took ayahuasca and I meditated, and I spoke to the plant.

Jordan  3:00:33
That makes more sense than anything else. You've said so far? Not why not? Yeah, no, go far. Yeah,

Dan  3:00:38
consulted my spirit guru.

Jordan  3:00:41
Yeah, this is this is a problem, because they're in this situation where they feel like they're on a battlefield, you know, where they can go battle. And maybe they can win or lose. But reality is you either have you can either go like, nonstop wall of just like I'm not answering I'm not answering I'm not answering or completely fictional commitment to not knowing anything. And asking

Dan  3:01:06
Alex the question, like, what deep research did you do you already know the answer is gonna be empty word. Yeah. And it means I didn't do it. Yeah,

Jordan  3:01:15
exactly. So So for Alex, it makes they think that there's like a way out. There's like some sort of way out, and there's no way out. The only way to play this game is not playing it for you. Yeah.

Dan  3:01:26
Well, you should have done stuff differently a decade ago, and every year sense yet. Also, if you're in this position, you should just cooperate and answer questions with yes or no and get through it. Yep. Because this is not helping.

Jordan  3:01:40
I mean, and the thing is, they they keep thinking like, oh, no, the problem is they don't have enough content. Exactly. Yeah. And it's like, no, if you said yes, no to every question. There are questions, you would not have had the answer

Dan  3:01:54
true. tons, many. Yeah, you'd look less bad because you're making yourself look bad. Because yeah, the reason you're here is because the things you did that made you make you look bad. Yeah. Like you think you're going to pill these lawyers are gonna happen. Amazing. So we get back to how big and basically this is going chronologically throughout, you know, the events that had happened before Sandy Hook, Sandy Hook Alex's coverage of it as it goes through. And so at this point, how big is on and he has revealed to Alex that his wife does not believe him. Right. Right. That was a fun one. And so Alex has asked about this. You did

Chris Mattei  3:02:39
know having watched it that liftings own wife found him not credible on these claims. Correct? Objection.

Alex Jones  3:02:46
I believe that reminds me of watching that club.

Chris Mattei  3:02:48
Did that cause you to question whether Mr. halberds own wife, I think it started to okay, it started to

Chris Mattei  3:02:59
but having heard that Mr. halberds own wife found him not credible. You still promoted Mr. helpings website to your audience, right.

Alex Jones  3:03:12
I mean, I think I learned about that right there on the show. I was just being nice to him.

Chris Mattei  3:03:16
And were you just being nice to him when you sent Mr. McDonough you up to Connecticut? Just two months later to report on his activities.

Alex Jones  3:03:23
I mean, I people wanted to know I want to see. I wanted to invite to see what was going on. All

Chris Mattei  3:03:27
right. Amazing. So in June of 2015 Now just two months later, you send Mr. Madani up to Connecticut Correct?

Alex Jones  3:03:37
I don't remember lesson but not here. Not we had a whole debate about to certainly I don't I don't remember

Chris Mattei  3:03:41
you'll now we're talking about June 2015. The last time we were debating this, we were talking about 2014

Alex Jones  3:03:46
I've explained what happened that I did want to be mean to Madani and he was a bad person did things a bad person, and I was saying we need to, you know we need to balance certainly I was telling Rob do and people that I did not want to sit there and Abinadi on to reporting for

Chris Mattei  3:04:02
us. Good. Okay. So by June 2015, you had said to rob do and others I do not want donde reporting for us? That's your testimony?

Alex Jones  3:04:11
Yes. Like a pop back up, then I don't remember. Let's go to this.

Chris Mattei  3:04:17
I just asked you. What, I just asked you whether it was your sworn testimony.

Alex Jones  3:04:22
It's not I said the best of my recollection. Okay. Well, that's what we're here to figure out. Yep.

Chris Mattei  3:04:26
Okay. So your recollection is that by June of 2015, you had told Rob do that you did not want the Hamadani reporting for you any longer. Yes, I'd

Alex Jones  3:04:35
probably told him before that and I'm sure you'll show me when he popped back up or if he did or I can't

Chris Mattei  3:04:39
remember and and you didn't have that conversation with Dan Madani yourself at that time. Did you or did you know I know. I told Rob You told Rob it prior to June of 2015. That you did not want the donde reporting for you, right?

Dan  3:04:54
Yes. Okay, well, this is a trap. But it is interesting. Oh Allah because like I was just being nice, let's be nice to these people.

Jordan  3:05:03
Hey, what are you gonna do when all else fails? Fall back on politeness as you're listen, I'm a Texas boy.

Dan  3:05:10
You just gotta be nice if there's ever been a case for it's cruel to be kind.

Jordan  3:05:15
Hey, listen, do you know what my, here's my big failing with this whole Sandy Hook too nice to nice to people, right too nice to the wrong people. Now,

Dan  3:05:22
you get burned. And

Jordan  3:05:25
it is it is weird listening to these, these dis de these depositions after all of them really start coming in. And it's just like, they don't want to be held responsible for anything. They say no. And I'm not talking about anything they said about Sandy Hook. I'm talking about if they were like, Hey, listen, I'm gonna go. I think I just had a coke. And you'd be like, did you have a coke? And they'd be like, Well, I don't know for sure if I had a Coke, right? It's like, no, just be responsible for one thing you say? Yeah,

Dan  3:05:53
I did a little mini AMA on our Facebook group. And someone asked me if I ever made the lasagna.

Jordan  3:06:00
Did you? No comment? No, you did not.

Dan  3:06:04
What are you talking about? No, it's

Jordan  3:06:08
just, it's weird. Yeah, it's insanely weird. Just one thing.

Dan  3:06:11
So Alex has now staked a position. Yeah, that he was telling folks. No more but

Jordan  3:06:17
donde staked a position that is unmistakable for Alex.

Dan  3:06:21
Well, now we get to what will be the rest of the deposition? Just discussing Dan but donde and his trip to New Town in the 2015. Right. Now, this is pretty expertly done. I would say I think that Maddie does a great job of Well, I mean, he's already trapped Alex with the total putting a date on when he said stop it with baton. Yeah. So now he plays Alex some video of Bidadi. And it's the video of him harassing the police chief right and yelling at him. And he gets he gets Alex to, you know, talk about how bad this is. You're

Unknown Speaker  3:07:04
aware that Mr. Downey did go up to Connecticut in June of 2015 report for you right

Alex Jones  3:07:10
now. I'm not. I don't remember all this.

Chris Mattei  3:07:16
Let's pull up exhibit 100. A, please.

Chris Mattei  3:07:32
If you care, the sponsor right there. You recognize the gentleman? blue and blue striped shirt?

Alex Jones  3:07:39
That's the Hamadani okay.

Chris Mattei  3:07:40
Do you know who he is trailing trying to ask questions. No. Boy can keep the

Norm Pattis  3:07:46
truth radio show in the lower right hand corner.

Chris Mattei  3:07:49
You see it as truth radio show.com in the lower right hand corner. Yes. And you see that info. wars.com in the lower left hand corner. Yes. All right. And you're aware that Mr. Bidadi sent this footage to Infowars. Right.

Alex Jones  3:08:04
I believe he published it. I don't remember exactly. But he was doing his own thing then. But still putting Infowars out and I'm behind the scenes and stopping Infowars.

Chris Mattei  3:08:11
Mr. Jones, you published this video. Are you aware of that? No. Okay, so it's not true. Where do we publish it? We'll get to it. But it's not true. That you didn't that he was doing his own thing. And he wasn't up there for you.

Alex Jones  3:08:26
Objection. You guys obsess over this point. I'm not the guy that began but I just worked for us. I was just denied. I don't remember exactly why I believed in that around them. I knew I was telling them to stop adding to it.

Unknown Speaker  3:08:38
So you could have been wrong about that. I've told you this is all a blur. Let's keep going.

Dan  3:08:42
Yep. So it's this is going to cascade Alex's illusions about what he did with Blondie and their relationship become transparently a lie. Yeah. And it's fun to watch I will be honest, it's you know, there's this stuff that's really heavy with like him refusing to say any names because he doesn't know any of the names of the children right. People who were killed the outburst and accusations like it that's not really that makes me feel a little uncomfortable. Yeah, sure. This delightful and it's real nice to watch Alex try and wiggle his way around. Like I didn't do this.

Jordan  3:09:24
It does feel like he's so filled with skewers at this point. Chris might as well be an acupuncturist. And now we're about to close the Iron Maiden door on his face. Yeah, yeah.

Dan  3:09:34
So but don de is there and he's been followed by a cameraman, who uses some dirty language. Oh, boy.

Chris Mattei  3:09:40
And the person who's operating the camera who is? I don't know. Okay. Is it your testimony that that person was was working as a contract? Cameraman for you right now. Are you sure about that?

Alex Jones  3:09:51
I don't know. I don't know who that person is. Okay.

Chris Mattei  3:09:53
Let's keep going. Okay can you pause it? Did you hear the the gentleman operating the camera refer to this person in front of him as a crooked corrupt piece of shit MF. Yes. Okay. That's obviously not appropriate.

Dan  3:10:19
Try. Not good. Not good. Yeah. Probably shouldn't say

Jordan  3:10:24
to this public official is a piece of shit. Yeah, yeah, that's usually not a good one to go with. Yeah,

Dan  3:10:29
I would I don't it's not the handbook. So Alex has been shown this video right so inappropriate right that has no alternative but to say like yeah Dan, but donde had gone rogue. Yeah, sure, sure. Sure, sure he was using that Infowars logo, but he wasn't really never even he wasn't allowed to, hey, this

Jordan  3:10:48
is bad behavior. We talked about this afterwards. HR got on top of it. My dad was right there.

Dan  3:10:54
He wasn't an HR at that time. I don't think but yeah, he tries. He's just trying to pretend like we had no relationship

Chris Mattei  3:11:06
she said a woman with sunglasses. Do you have any idea who that? Is? All right, let's play 66 B. Actually, before we go, you see the woman in the sunglasses there now? Same one we saw before? Yes. You said you didn't know who she was. Okay. That's the That's Pat Lowe. Dre was the first selectman of Newtown at the

Norm Pattis  3:11:36
time of the shooting. Objection.

Alex Jones  3:11:38
Okay. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  3:11:40
Does that matter to you?

Alex Jones  3:11:42
I mean, David, it was it was for his truth radio show, putting Infowars on it. I was telling Rob do around this time before that I didn't want the body doing hard stuff. Because I liked the way he was doing stuff that he did a little bit of that and awesome. That's why I fired him then. And then he just kept doing stuff as auxilary person I don't think he got I just, I haven't able to get clear answers on all this. And so that's what's let's

Jordan  3:12:03
say you have asked people about it.

Unknown Speaker  3:12:06
This footage, actually, it wasn't let's keep going go 200 day.

Alex Jones  3:12:13
I remember seeing this footage and saying, you know, tell Bidadi don't put enforcement stuff.

Jordan  3:12:18
Sir, sir.

Chris Mattei  3:12:21
You aired it correct? Yeah, I don't remember. Okay. You agree having seen their conduct in there? That it's highly inappropriate. Everything we just saw, correct?

Alex Jones  3:12:35
Well, I mean, our government lied about WMDs and dragged me storytimes. Highly, highly wrong. I'm not this. I know. I'm like the villain. And you guys are the heroes and everything. But I mean, I don't remember all the details of this. I'm answering your questions. Honestly. No,

Chris Mattei  3:12:50
you didn't just answer my question. I just asked you whether the footage we just saw is entirely inappropriate objection.

Alex Jones  3:12:57
I mean, that's, I mean, that's not I mean, people can make their own opinion out of that first amendment.

Unknown Speaker  3:13:02
I'm asking you your opinion.

Norm Pattis  3:13:05
Objection. Objection.

Alex Jones  3:13:08
I mean, I don't like how they were acting. Right.

Chris Mattei  3:13:11
But that's the cracking, right. I mean, that you know, what you expected at the end, but dandy

Alex Jones  3:13:14
objection. No, not stuff like that. Asking questions, though.

Unknown Speaker  3:13:17
Okay, well, let's keep going with 100 P.

Dan  3:13:20
Yeah. So I mean, it's, you know, the, the you have the deflection, you know, like, oh, weapons of mass. Right. It can't answer a straight question. Secondarily, you have this video that Alex has been shown that there is legitimately no way to defend you know, the night that Alex can't spin this knows. There's just like, the cameraman calling people fucking pieces of shit. No kid, you have the Donda yelling, you're going to prison. Yep. Instead, this is not like anything you could stand behind. And so it's tough. It's a disgraceful, tough position to be in. So Alex can only be like, Yep, I didn't hear this. You did.

Jordan  3:14:01
Alex. Alex. Right now you are wearing an I Heart but donde tanktop Do you not understand what we are doing right here? They

Dan  3:14:09
had a bunch in the warehouse. Oh, what do you mean you had a bunch of laundry day

Jordan  3:14:13
one says it peasy. You signed it. You signed that shirt that raises

Dan  3:14:17
the value. I just signed all of them. So you know you've got these people who are making crime accusations to people in new towel. Sure. That's an issue and so Alex has posed the question of whether or not the First Amendment protects you if you make false crime accusations. Why understand?

Chris Mattei  3:14:48
Did you see Mr. Madani they're accused the chief the Newtown police of perjury.

Alex Jones  3:14:55
That's first minute, right.

Chris Mattei  3:14:57
Okay. And you saw he accused the chief police of a crime Correct. Yes. And you have no idea what the basis for that accusation was correct.

Alex Jones  3:15:08
I mean, I don't know if a particular reason

Chris Mattei  3:15:11
is it? Is it somebody's first amendment right, Mr. Jones, to falsely accuse somebody

Alex Jones  3:15:16
of a crime. The Democrats.

Chris Mattei  3:15:20
Let me ask you. Is it your view that the First Amendment protects somebody from falsely accusing somebody of a crime? Objection?

Alex Jones  3:15:31
If that's if that's his opinion? I don't know the context of several I can't comment on under no context. I'll give you my opinion. Okay.

Chris Mattei  3:15:39
But you know, that if, if I were to accuse you of a crime, Mr. Jones, and I have no reasonable basis for doing that. That's not protected speech, is it?

Alex Jones  3:15:48
You claim? You claim that because the judge says, We gave you fraudulent financials? It's true, because she's the judge. Do you know, I, judge, jury and executioner? I

Chris Mattei  3:15:56
have a hostile America? You know, it seems Mr. Jones, that you're trying to evade a very clear question I've asked you about the First Amendment.

Dan  3:16:11
Can you falsely accused people of crimes with no basis?

Jordan  3:16:15
Now? Let me ask you a question. Dan. Is there any sort of law that says it is against the law to falsely accuse someone of a crime

Dan  3:16:26
first murder, baby? Oh, okay, nevermind. So Alex believes that you can do that to public figures.

Chris Mattei  3:16:33
Somebody committing a crime that's not protected by the First Amendment is it?

Alex Jones  3:16:40
It's different to say if you are mistaken, or that person's a public figure. I understand you guys want to broaden to get rid the First Amendment, but Americans already like

Norm Pattis  3:16:50
a public figure was objection.

Alex Jones  3:16:54
When he put himself out there after the shooting, at press conferences, he became a public figure.

Chris Mattei  3:16:59
And that gave you the right to lie about anything. I didn't want about it. Mr. Jones, have you ever sued anybody for defamation?

Jordan  3:17:13
Now, I don't.

Dan  3:17:17
Okay, so that kind of really seals the all the evidence you need that the I don't remember? Or I don't know, answers aren't sincere. Did if you ever sued somebody? I don't know. But yeah, that path of questions was devastating for Alex. He's saying it's a new First Amendment right to be able to make false accusations against public figures. And then it was Robbie Parker, a public figure. Well, Robbie Parker gave a press conference after the shooting and therefore became a public figure. So you are then able to falsely accuse him of fakes. Yeah, I did say that.

Jordan  3:17:57
Oops. Oh, boy. Boy,

Dan  3:18:00
not good. That was

Jordan  3:18:02
that was fun to see Alex kind of it is it is always fun, whatever. Like, there's, there's more than one step. You know, like to this. This is a compound series of questions that all have a different circuitous route, to really pin him into this into this hole right here. Right. And he doesn't understand when somebody's walking around him with in a circle tying tying a rope. He doesn't get that he's like, Ah, they're walking away from me. So if I just hang on to this rope, I'll never get caught.

Dan  3:18:36
Yeah, he does. Does not seem to it's partially like it feels like obliviousness. Yeah, partially feels like he doesn't care I don't know.

Jordan  3:18:49
I would I would say this if I was going to hunt Alex Jones All right. Not even a thought would be given to walking out into the forest with a gun not even a thought I would just lay traps everywhere and put pizza on things and I guarantee he would be

Dan  3:19:07
caught was sooner or later

Jordan  3:19:09
yeah,

Dan  3:19:10
so discussing this footage the damper donde headroom Newtown, I mean, it's just Alex can't deny it's it's offensive stuff.

Chris Mattei  3:19:19
You know, whether it be war stream to this on any of its channels?

Alex Jones  3:19:24
I don't believe so. It was I don't when I saw this. I remember saying fucking tell him to stop saying Infowars ever say anything from me about him again? Or hopefully he was gonna change the subject. I knew he was going to be at the RNC that I didn't say Oh, damn, we'll see you be friendly. I don't think Dan's a bad person. I just saw this stuff. And I definitely got pissed off and said, you know, you need to tell him stop that. Don't put Infowars on there. I don't remember all the timeframes or when my brother was a process. I mean, he just said

Chris Mattei  3:19:50
you just footage. Right. You just testified on arose it was Senate. You just testified under oath that you saw this footage And you use an expletive to whoever you were talking to say, tell him to stop saying he's associated with enforce. Yes. Is that your sworn testimony?

Alex Jones  3:20:08
I remember around this time, I remember telling people that guy and then they wait time was, I don't remember.

Chris Mattei  3:20:14
Well, then How the heck can you testify under oath just now? Let me get my question out. How the heck can you testify under oath that you know it was around this time when you don't even know when this was?

Alex Jones  3:20:24
I remember this was sent in. I said this, that I don't like this. And I remember, and it took a while to get them where they stopped. Anyone. You're the boss, Mr. Vela? There's a lot going on.

Unknown Speaker  3:20:37
This footage, did you not objection?

Alex Jones  3:20:40
I don't remember that.

Chris Mattei  3:20:41
Well, if you looked at this footage when it came in, and you saw how inappropriate it was and how much you didn't like it, you certainly wouldn't. Eric, would you?

Alex Jones  3:20:51
Please show me the point is that's not the font we use

Jordan  3:20:53
you agree with for our balance? Sheet? font. Gotcha. Don't

Alex Jones  3:20:57
have that thing on them. Mr. Jones. Mr. Jones,

Chris Mattei  3:21:01
if you had seen this footage when it came in, and you were so appalled by it. You certainly wouldn't Eric right objection,

Alex Jones  3:21:10
direction. If I did, I was in a different state of mind and have an amnesia say hey, please tell me

Chris Mattei  3:21:19
okay. And you don't have a recollection. As you sit here today. of telling anyone tell them the donde not to you doesn't work for us anymore. He's not using force

Alex Jones  3:21:31
objection I've ever told Rob do that. But you don't know what. No, that's never happened.

Dan  3:21:36
Very convenient. Yeah. So yeah, I mean, you can kind of already see like, what needs to happen for the you know, the stick to fall in the box? Yeah. So before we get to that, as a string of questions, Matty asks, basically about all of the things that Dan Madani did in this video, all of these things inappropriate. Sure, sure. Sure, sure. So let's go ahead and enjoy this do a lightning round.

Chris Mattei  3:22:07
Isn't this the reason, Mr. Jones, that you lied when you testified in Texas that Mr. Madani was not working for you when he went to Sandy Hook?

Alex Jones  3:22:14
Objection, objection. I didn't lie. I get things wrong. It's just a flood of stuff. Okay. And I still don't know, I

Chris Mattei  3:22:22
don't remember what Mr. Jones, you'd agree with me that that was Mr. Bidadi harassing the chief of police on a public street in Connecticut? Correct.

Alex Jones  3:22:31
I don't agree with the way he did it. But is he the guy's a public figure? And this is

Chris Mattei  3:22:35
what you sent him to do? Correct? No. Okay. Was it appropriate for one of your reporters to yell at somebody who's a criminal on a city street?

Alex Jones  3:22:42
Objection? Objection. Now, it's not appropriate for the now Vice President appropriately for things

Unknown Speaker  3:22:48
now. Was it appropriate for you? I think you said no, it's not appropriate. Right?

Norm Pattis  3:22:52
He said more. But you said no, it's not

Unknown Speaker  3:22:54
appropriate. I'm asking you whether it was I don't hear anybody else. court reporter. I'm asking you. The court reporter didn't hear his answer. I'm actually asked for him to repeat it. Please repeat your answer. Mr. Jones,

Chris Mattei  3:23:03
why don't we do this? First repeat the question. I didn't get the whole question. Alright. So I'm gonna ask you again, time. Was it appropriate for Infowars? Reporter to yell that somebody is a criminal on a city street? A yes or no?

Norm Pattis  3:23:17
Objection.

Alex Jones  3:23:19
If it's their free speech,

Chris Mattei  3:23:21
yes. All right. Was it appropriate for an Infowars in order to release all the ads? No, no, no, no, no, that's not that's not

Norm Pattis  3:23:28
on and repeat with it. He didn't think it was appropriate for current vice president to do something

Chris Mattei  3:23:32
about Okay, great. I'm happy. Thank you for telling me good work.

Jordan  3:23:34
No, I'm sorry. You got them. So let me ask you this pay that man. 30 grand,

Chris Mattei  3:23:38
was it appropriate for an Infowars reporter to accuse someone of perjury on a public street objection.

Alex Jones  3:23:45
He wasn't acting. I have word reporter Mike, in my in my view, they okay. The answer my question, I don't like them doing that. But it's just First Amendment.

Chris Mattei  3:23:53
Would it have been appropriate for an Infowars reporter to yell at somebody that they're trying to get an interview with? Have fun in jail. Criminal objection. Is that appropriate? No, I don't think it's good. Is it appropriate to say you're going to jail criminal was that appropriation?

Alex Jones  3:24:06
Judge? No, I don't think it's good.

Chris Mattei  3:24:07
Was it appropriate to say you're going to jail for fraud?

Alex Jones  3:24:10
Objection? Objection. That was his objection. He's allowed to say that

Chris Mattei  3:24:14
and you must have really not liked when they said infowars.com The number one alternative news source in the world. That's who they were working for. You must really not like that. I don't I don't remember.

Dan  3:24:29
Probably Probably didn't do well. I mean, he probably did actually enjoy it because

Jordan  3:24:33
free pub. Yep. Yep. He definitely enjoyed it. Yeah, he loved it. So

Dan  3:24:38
it would be really unfortunate if there were a clip Oh, it would be so bad of like Alex saying that he sent but donde no, there's no

Jordan  3:24:46
way that would be a clip because he told Rob do to get that fucker off of that show. Right? That's what he said to rob do he didn't enjoy it

Dan  3:24:54
that well, that's what he said afterwards, apparently, right. Or

Jordan  3:24:59
maybe But

Alex Jones  3:25:00
now your uncle John new Navy Seal, retired FBI agent versus successful security company. I had missed this episode of the nightly news back on June 4. And then again last week we did an update. And then I heard you talking about it yesterday. I knew that we've sent our reporter dama. Donde there for days over the city council hearings about it.

Chris Mattei  3:25:32
See how you said that you had missed the report, Mr. Dua done about this on June 4. And that you knew you'd sent your reporter Dan Bidadi.

Alex Jones  3:25:39
And I went on solid or I didn't like what happened. So

Chris Mattei  3:25:42
you sent Mr. Bidadi. Up there for the June hearing Correct.

Alex Jones  3:25:47
Sounds like I did. That's what I told you. I don't remember the exact time. But I think then when I saw the footage, I know that footage I didn't like and I said we call

Chris Mattei  3:25:55
first time. It sounded like to you like maybe you did send them up there was when I just played yourself. So

Alex Jones  3:26:01
round. Thanks for refreshing remember.

Chris Mattei  3:26:03
You told me under oath that you think you stopped sending that you think you never sent Sandy Hook? Right?

Alex Jones  3:26:10
You keep saying under oath. I don't want you showed it to me. It's there. I know at some point. I told people don't cover this. And I said don't have an auntie on. I mean, at

Unknown Speaker  3:26:20
least it wasn't before this, right? I don't remember.

Dan  3:26:25
There's this interesting dichotomy is you can speak definitively about things once they're indisputable. Yeah, you know, like, once you show a video of like, I sent a baton to you up there to do this. Now you can start talking, you can say, oh, yeah, okay, I did that. But until that point, anything could be possible. I don't remember. I don't know.

Jordan  3:26:50
I mean, it is it is a little bit like Alec should stop at some point and be like, listen, we can play this game all day. I'm gonna lie to you. You're gonna know that I'm lying. But I'm gonna keep doing it. Yeah, just play your proof first, and then I won't have to lie for 20 minutes we can get out of here. Boom, boom, boom. Get him out and get it out. You know, it wouldn't go boom. Of course not. Absolutely not. So we'll be funny though.

Dan  3:27:13
We have one more clip here. And it's about this video of Rob do's uncle. And yeah, this this looks bad for Alex. Oh,

Alex Jones  3:27:25
keep analyze, they save themselves. Mystery Sandy Hook victim dies again in Pakistan full of child killers. Sandy Hook shows up in Pakistan school shooting multiple rallies. Yeah. I mean, ladies and gentlemen, we are on something big here. Let's go ahead and go part of this clip with your uncle. This is John do our news directors uncle that we just suddenly see at the Sandy Hook hearing law reporter. Here's Dan Madani.

Unknown Speaker  3:27:56
You witnessed the whole hearing? The Attorney General the whole thing. Very strange. situation. Yes. Yeah. So he's trying to cover a stop, or is this gonna go anyway? I really don't know. I've never seen anything like this.

Alex Jones  3:28:16
And again, I was.

Chris Mattei  3:28:17
So that's the modality. Right on the day that we just watched, correct? That's right. We're in the same shirt. Right. So just want to make sure that that's the same day.

Alex Jones  3:28:35
Right? I'm guessing it is.

Chris Mattei  3:28:37
And the person he was interviewing was robbed his uncle? Yes. All right. Now, you claimed that robbed us uncle, former FBI agent was investigating Sandy Hook. Right.

Alex Jones  3:28:51
He said he was looking into it. Yes. No, I'm

Chris Mattei  3:28:54
seeing what you claimed. You said that. An FBI agent was investigating Sandy Hook. Right.

Alex Jones  3:29:01
So former FBI agent was really into it. Let's put our boy landed on he was there a great job and I wish it would have gone home.

Unknown Speaker  3:29:13
You hear he said, Daddy did a great job

Alex Jones  3:29:16
of seeing the other thing they put out on his show.

Dan  3:29:24
All right. Well, boy that fell apart. For Alex. Oh, boy. So the deposition is at this point basically reached. Its its endpoint. Where were we break for the day? Yep. And we come back at at another point for another round of questions with Alex. We'll see if he finds that Bloomberg email will? I don't think so. We'll see if he gets any of the things that he promised he would. He would produce a See if he figures out when he fired. But

Jordan  3:30:02
you know what's great about these now? Especially now, okay? Is during these depositions in the past I've been like, Man, I hope these guys lose a lot of money. But now in the future I get to be like, dude, that answer cost you $1 billion you fucking

Dan  3:30:21
idiot whatever part it was part of a billion Yep.

Jordan  3:30:28
Yeah, let's itemize your shitty answers for how much they cost you. It'd be fascinating. Yeah. It would be so.

Dan  3:30:36
I mean, there's been a lot in here. There's a lot of kind of new information, a lot of retreading of some of the stuff that we've seen before outbursts course. Just just a wild bit of interview. Yeah. I will say I have watched the other days course and the second day. I mean, it's not disappointing if you're, if you're thinking it's gonna slow down. It's not.

Jordan  3:31:09
It does feel like it's chaos. It does feel like after listening to a day after being in a day of depositions of this, you have a night to sleep on it, you go out, you go have dinner with Norm and a shitty conversation about whatever. Sarna brothers dating is nice now.

Dan  3:31:28
Merlin's dead. Yeah, well.

Jordan  3:31:33
Why don't you think okay, here's what I could do better.

Dan  3:31:38
There's no room for improvement. Honestly, you nailed it. 10 out of 10

Jordan  3:31:43
Just how can I make this smoother? or less painful? less painful? Don't you? Don't you dislike pain?

Dan  3:31:49
No, because he has that miracle juice. Whiskey. That's good. And that keeps him happy. And yeah, I had a couple of out of context drops that I wanted to play but I forgot to at the beginning so here they are. They may annoy you in the future. Okay,

Alex Jones  3:32:08
I liked Dan

Jordan  3:32:09
Okay

Alex Jones  3:32:11
the other one that's really funny in ways Yeah, there

Jordan  3:32:14
you go. There we go.

Dan  3:32:17
Unfortunately no one named Jordan came up so never gonna happen

Jordan  3:32:20
never gonna have it all the compliments that Dad

Dan  3:32:28
Yeah, I do have to take compliments that were meant for but

Jordan  3:32:32
what's funny about that is how Alex was talking shit about but deposition removing all of the compliments that but donde received only two then but still them upon you by accident. Yeah. Fantastic.

Dan  3:32:46
So we'll be back. I believe on our next episode we will take on day two indeed. But until then, we have website we do. It's and I'll try.com We're also on Twitter. We are on Twitter at that knowledge underscore fight. Yeah, we'll be back but until then, I'm Neo. I'm Leo. I'm dz X Clark. I see I already did condo, yeah. sublet? timeshare. timeshare, timeshare. Oh, I don't know come to the seminar. We'll see if we can sell you on this vacation. That you have to share with people bottle of tequila. If you stick through it again. That is true. It's not a scam. And

Jordan  3:33:23
now here comes the Sex Robot.

Alex Jones  3:33:25
Andy in Kansas, you're on the air. Thanks for holding. Well, Alex, I'm a first time caller. I'm a huge fan. I love your work.
