Alex Jones  00:04
Red Alert. Red alert red alert. Red Alert knowledge five Dan and Jordan is a wedding knowledge party.com It's time to pray. I have great respect for knowledge like knowledge. I'm sick of them posing as if they're the good guys Shang V or the bad guy knowledge. Dan and Jordan knowledge fight need money Andy and Andy are stopping Andy and Cam handy in Kansas. Bray Andy in Kansas, you're on the airplane for a huge fan. I love your word. Knowledge by now knowledge fight.com

Dan  00:59
Hey, everybody, welcome back. No dread. I'm Dan. I'm Jordan. We're a couple dudes like sit around worship at the altar of saline and talk a little bit about Alex Zhu. Oh, indeed.

Jordan  01:07
We are Dan Jordan. Dan,

Dan  01:09
damn quick question for you. It's up to you. brightspot Buddy, my bright spot today, Jordan as well. We're recording this on Tuesday. And that means that as we're recording, I don't have to be watching Alex's live stream that I am drawn to like a moth to a flame. Nice. No, but seriously, my bright spot is cereal again. I have mentioned that I've been getting into cereals. Yes, I'm in a cereal phase.

Jordan  01:33
We've discussed cereals. Yes.

Dan  01:34
And so there have been some that have been a little bit off the wall. The frosty cereal the Wendy's frosty cereal? Sorry. What? Yeah, that was pretty good. Really? Yeah.

Jordan  01:45
Wow. That's amazing. Yeah,

Dan  01:48
there was a I think a frosted flakes, strawberry milkshake flavor cheeses,

Jordan  01:53
Christ's not good. Out of control. Yeah,

Dan  01:56
they've lost their mind. Flavors are out of control. Yeah. And so I got one, that it was a tricks, but it's like, I guess sort of Jurassic park themed or something shows with marshmallows. Okay, it's tricks, but with marshmallows that are also dinosaurs. Yeah, dinosaur footprints or something. Everybody is putting marshmallows in their cereal in a way that is inappropriate, right? I'm waiting for like, I don't know, kicks to throw marshmallows in or smacks but can't know marshmallow.

Jordan  02:25
Anybody puts a marshmallow and it's max is gonna get a smack for me kicking the vitamin, but

Dan  02:31
it's just constant. It's offensive. On some level, they just will stop putting marshmallows and

Jordan  02:37
they're gonna walk through the granola aisle next week, and there's gonna be I'm sure everything yeah, you're probably right.

Dan  02:42
So but I couldn't I couldn't resist trying this and I had forgotten the trick sucks. It's not a good cereal, even in that fruit. Sort of world. Yeah, oops, much better, right. Also, I was thinking about it as I was eating it. I hate tricks. Like just as a whole I hate the idea of it. I mean, it's an abusive cereal. The whole marketing campaign is about excluding this one rabbit

Jordan  03:04
I feel like you are in accidentally proving beyond a shadow of a doubt that tricks are for kids. Right? Because you're you're an adult man and you find them wrong.

Dan  03:16
I find it morally I find them not good. I find they're not good to think about. Yeah, so fuck them. Yeah, trick sucks. Tricks

Jordan  03:24
are tricks aren't even for kid Yeah, making that pronouncement now honey

Dan  03:28
comb but with with marshmallows. The fuck out of here. Oh, no. Absolutely not.

Jordan  03:33
So is your bread. So my bright spot is I got to hang out and see my old friend Lieberman last night. Oh, and we were talking and catching up yesterday at open mic. Catch it up. Old old timey style. I found out two things. One, Kelly Clarkson has a TV show. Whoa. And to Lea Berman was on it, baby. I

Dan  03:58
think I saw that on Twitter or something. Yeah, I'd be on Facebook. I saw like some stray post or something. I thought it was like Well, that's. I mean, I already knew Kelly Clarkson had a show. I did not know that. But yeah, so that she and some other folks were on it.

Jordan  04:11
Fantastic. Pretty cool. Hanging out with fucking Leno. Oh, he's 8000 years old now. I mean, yeah, he's hair used to be salt and pepper. And now his face is white. You know, like the whole thing. Sure. It's all taken care of. But isn't that really cool? Yeah, it's really cool.

Dan  04:28
I was trying to think of a Kelly Clarkson song Lia was waiting for a moment like that.

Jordan  04:35
Oh, yeah. Who did Since You've Been Gone? That was Kelly Clarkson. Okay, yeah, I thought that was weird. No,

Dan  04:39
no. Behind these hazel eyes. Really great song man. I am once again torn into pieces can't deny camper pretend. Just thought you were the world open up deep inside, but you don't get to see the tears I cry. All right, and these hazel eyes you Okay, now that

Jordan  05:01
one. I've never intentionally, Kelly Clarkson so I don't hook up. When did this happen? When did your 90s hip hop turn into 2000s?

Dan  05:14
Regular power concurrent? I loved a lot of pop along with my hip hop stuff. Um, fun fact about Kelly Clarkson. What's that for kids? Yeah, I watched one episode of the first season of American Idol. I turned it on saw Kelly Clarkson. I'm like, That's the winner, baby. I was right.

Jordan  05:34
That's nice. Nice.

Dan  05:36
I think I I'm not sure I watched one episode of another season. I think I might have called that one. Yeah, one of the later ones. Bo Bice when?

Jordan  05:46
I don't remember watching it, but yeah, Kelly Clarkson was clearly the person who had like that thing. Whatever. You know what it is? Yeah. Thing that like, oh,

Dan  05:56
the star power? Quality? Yes. Yeah. Justin Guarini. Did

Jordan  06:00
not have it. And I saw it from Justin

Dan  06:03
decal. So today. Yep. I think two or three times in the theater.

Jordan  06:08
While you were working? Yes. Yeah, I almost.

Dan  06:14
I watched I watched it. I also smoked a lot of weed back. I worked at a theater and I smoked a lot of wheat. So maybe laughed our asses off at that. Totally. Anyway, Jordan today, we will be singing the greatest hits of the 90s and 2000s. Of course, we're taking a break from Alex. acapella, No, today we're gonna be finishing up some Alex's deposition stuff. Excellent. So we are back in the Connecticut deposition. So we're going to be talking about day two here. We might do a wrap up of day three and fours. There is some stuff in there but this is enough for an episode quite frankly. So last we left off Alex was under oath. And yes, having to wrestle with the fact that he sent down but donde to Newtown and was pretending that I was connected to that at all. When I saw his reporting, I thought it was terrible. Yeah. But then he is complementing the reporting. On our

Jordan  07:10
overall summary. He did not have a good first day, like a read like, you know, when you have a first day at a new job, you make some mistakes. People are training you but that's par for the course. Right? So he's had his first day. He's really fucked it up. And now coming back for the second day to really buckle down and do his job. Right.

Dan  07:28
Yeah. Yeah. You know, like the first day he was off on a bad foot. Sure. Second day, he's coming in as Miss Independent. Absolutely.

Jordan  07:37
Nailed it. So he shared it. Before

Dan  07:39
we get down to business on this. Let's take a little moment. Say hello to some new ones. Oh, that's great idea. So first, Carl Barks the policy. Chuck, thank you so much for an hour policy walk.

Alex Jones  07:48
I'm a policy wonk.

Jordan  07:49
Thank you very much.

Dan  07:50
Next, Mr. And Mrs. Demon gins. Thank you so much. You're on our policy walk.

Alex Jones  07:55
I'm a policy wonk. Thank

Jordan  07:56
you very much.

Dan  07:57
Next Hey, right guy, I'm a freakin policy walk. Thank you so much. You are now a policy wonk.

Alex Jones  08:02
I'm a policy wonk, thank you very much.

Dan  08:04
Next bend to the third foot. Thank you so much. You're now a policy wonk.

Alex Jones  08:08
I'm a policy wonk,

Jordan  08:09
very much.

Dan  08:10
Thank you. And happy seven year anniversary to my wonky partner, Natalie from corndog. Thank you so much. You are now policy walk.

Alex Jones  08:17
I'm a policy. Thank

Jordan  08:18
you very much. You

Dan  08:19
know what the seven day anniversary is? Oh, gift wise.

Jordan  08:23
Is that the was that the plastic University? No, it's

Dan  08:26
a copper or wool. Traditionally, okay. Did you know that they also have a modern they have a modern version of they've

Jordan  08:33
got updated? Yeah. So this is like a thumb drive anniversary.

Dan  08:37
It's close to Desk Set.

Jordan  08:41
That's weird. That is That is strange. But

Dan  08:44
that's coming off of last year's modern gift for the sixth anniversary wood objects.

Jordan  08:50
Just that is a general.

Dan  08:53
That should be one of the traditional ones. Yeah, because the fifth anniversary traditionally is

Jordan  08:58
wood. Okay. Okay. Now, here's my problem. Who is deciding this?

Dan  09:03
Well, the traditional ones I think have been like long time.

Jordan  09:08
Like Ben Franklin like Farmers Almanac is that what was it Ben Franklin's? binfer. Okay.

Dan  09:14
And now yeah, they have the modern one. The modern ones are kind of dumb. I think actually desk set is the font like prop May. We may have lucked out seventh anniversary might be the best one in terms of being a bizarre gift.

Jordan  09:27
It's disappointing. I feel like it's it should be weird tech stuff as it goes on. And if it's modern times, I think obviously your 20th anniversary is like the dildo anniversary, where you're like we're gonna experiment you know. Weird anniversary. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, that's when it's time now it's

Dan  09:43
platinum. Fair enough. Unless you want to go traditional then it's,

Jordan  09:47
it's Oh, I was gonna say that one was built as a gun to my head. I

Dan  09:50
don't know what a desk set is. It's a set of deaths. Multiple desks, I

Jordan  09:55
would assume. So. For your employees. It's a test set for your ploy

Dan  10:00
we also technocrat omics, Jordan. So for all poll supports a technocracy that keeps the human horror out of fish people's eyes. Thank you so much. You are now technocrat.

Alex Jones  10:09
I'm a policy wonk. Intelligent brilliant someone someone sought him out and sent me a bucket of poop daddy sharp. Jar Jar Binks has a Caribbean black action. He's a loser. Little little teeny baby. I don't want to hate black people. I renounce Jesus Christ. Thank you so much.

Jordan  10:30
Thank you very much.

Dan  10:31
So this takes place the next day. I was incorrect. The they regroup for another, like ketchup for the deposition. I believe it was day three After Alex have gone on vacation. I got that mixed up. I thought it was between day one and two. But these are actually back to back days. And I have a couple of out of context drops because I couldn't pick one. So here here's the first one.

Alex Jones  10:53
You're a thoroughbred ambulance chaser. I'd call you vamper.

Jordan  10:56
Okay, okay, okay. Oh, all right.

Dan  11:00
You're gonna say to that fun.

Jordan  11:02
What a fun weird resigned like, Oh, here's something like that back at noon. Be like, Alright,

Dan  11:07
I guess I'm a thoroughbred ambulance chaser.

Jordan  11:11
I suppose that's who I am.

Dan  11:12
And here's the other one.

Alex Jones  11:14
Have you read the WikiLeaks? Wow, you really ought to

Jordan  11:20
read the WikiLeaks. Shit you have not? Oh, my God changed my life. Dude, you gotta read the wiki leaks. Yeah, it's

Dan  11:29
just the the structure of the characters. But

Jordan  11:33
Nishio Del Toro shows up and you're like, That guy's great. All right.

Dan  11:37
So we start off sort of catching up from something that happened the day before, which of course, was the Bloomberg email? Sure. Alex had discussed this. He did not have it. They're bringing it today. I thought maybe. But it turns out he didn't do anything even to try to find it. Nice.

Chris Mattei  11:54
Mr. Jones, do you recall during your testimony yesterday, you repeatedly referenced an email that you claimed Mike Bloomberg had sent the day before the Sandy Hook shooting, telling people to get ready.

Alex Jones  12:04
I'm at like one of the gun control groups. He was funding as

Chris Mattei  12:08
you recall that email, though, that you're

Alex Jones  12:11
gonna recall talking about? Okay.

Chris Mattei  12:13
And did you do anything last night to locate that email? No, I didn't. Okay. And you recall testifying yesterday and seeing videos of yourself claiming that you had records and emails showing that the Sandy Hook school was closed? prior to shooting?

Alex Jones  12:33
I said I'd seen articles and some evolution copy of analytics, but I can't remember the exact thing if I'd like to correct something.

Chris Mattei  12:39
Hold on a second. I didn't ask you. You're an attorney. By the way, he's gonna have a chance to ask you any questions. If you need to correct anything, I'm sure you can talk to them about that. I'm asking you specifically about the records and emails you claimed that you had showing that Sandy Hook Elementary School was closed prior to shooting? Did you do anything to locate either those emails or those records that you referenced?

Alex Jones  13:02
No, I didn't. Okay, that didn't get on to about seven was exhausted.

Chris Mattei  13:07
At six Central, right? Yes. And that's where your team is in Texas right.

Alex Jones  13:14
Right. Now that may go home about six

Chris Mattei  13:19
we had time to make a video yesterday about your deposition. And so you had time to do that but you didn't have time to go and look at these records in emails showing that the Sandy Hook school was closed.

Alex Jones  13:30
I shot a video in the parking lot hotel it's right.

Chris Mattei  13:35
And, and then you arranged for that to be spliced and broadcast on your website. Right.

Alex Jones  13:43
Okay. I don't think they call it splicing. Okay, well,

Dan  13:48
this is just like a guy falling down like a hill and hitting every rock and our way down. Yep. excuses like, so tired. It was at seven. Six Central. Yeah, I guess it is. That's where your team is right? They could have looked it up. You know, they all went home. Your time to shoot a video, didn't you? Yeah, I guess I did. Together. Right. They don't call it splice.

Jordan  14:14
appreciated. I appreciated his commitment to not letting up like not one second. Is it just gonna be fine? Nope. Nope. You explain every moment of your day yesterday, and when you lie to me, I'm gonna tell you what I saw I was there. Yeah.

Dan  14:30
You're Alex. You can't relent question one you know right here. You can't you can't get on your back foot because then if you do the whole rest shot Yeah,

Jordan  14:41
you open up kicking his ass and then he knows I'm not gonna have a good day.

Dan  14:47
Yeah, so Alex, he needed to splice that video together because he had two camera people with him.

Chris Mattei  14:53
You had two cameraman shooting that video. You did? Yes. Yes. Who were they?

Alex Jones  15:00
It was a it was Rob do. And it was race. I'm gonna get HIePRO pronounce his last name.

Chris Mattei  15:07
Why did you bring Rob do with you?

Alex Jones  15:10
He's a consultant, and he just goes on trips sometimes.

Chris Mattei  15:14
Rob do was another one of your employees who claimed that Sandy Hook was a hoax, correct? Yes. And so you could ask Rob do about those emails and records showing that the school was closed? Sure. Seems like it. Did you ask him? No. Okay. He didn't make any efforts at all to get those records and emails yesterday, right.

Alex Jones  15:32
I actually did a little bit myself. We were able to find some of the stuff you asked for, but not that particular thing. Are

Chris Mattei  15:38
you claiming that you yourself personally did something to locate the emails and records showing that synthetic schools closed? Yes. What did you personally do?

Alex Jones  15:47
I sat there at dinner with Rob and I said, we've got to try to locate that we didn't like the last time we tried.

Dan  15:58
Okay. Yeah, that's that's quite a bit of work. He did. I sat there at dinner. And I told Rob,

Jordan  16:05
Rob, we got to get this done, buddy. This has got to happen. All right.

Dan  16:09
It's fascinating to see this kind of like the way he's articulating this because he's didn't put any effort into finding it because he knows that this doesn't exist. Yeah. Isn't a real thing. Yeah. And so why waste your time with that? He still has to pretend like oh, yeah, we put in some work to try to find it's a real thing, right? Totally. We just can't find it.

Jordan  16:28
It is it is a bit like a you know that his childhood was different. Because I remember if I was trying to lie about how I didn't do something to like a second grade teacher, they saw me coming a mile away, because I was seven years old. Right? And he is still seven years old. And somehow he's just gonna keep going. You know, like when I was trying to lie in second grade, eventually I'd be like, You know what? You got me?

Dan  16:51
Yeah. Well, I think a teacher has a little bit more limited time than someone who has all day in a deposition. It's definitely true. I wouldn't let you spin those wheels. Because you're gonna end up saying something that contradicts yourself.

Jordan  17:05
He went from teacher to principal to psychiatrist

Dan  17:09
so we know that Rob do long for the trip. robbed us uncle also was a new town for that. Wolfgang Halbig press conference, donde went to right. Alex is asked whether or not he actually spoke to rob do his uncle. And it's weird. He seems to not know for sure.

Jordan  17:29
Can you not know?

Chris Mattei  17:31
I wanted to go back to the video that we looked at yesterday, kind of towards the end of the day. The video that you titled retired FBI agent investigate Sandy Hook and Megan massive cover up. You remember that? Yes. And that retired FBI agent was John Duke. Right? Yes. You've never spoken to the man. Right.

Alex Jones  18:03
I may have talked to him on the phone before.

Chris Mattei  18:06
Your testimony is you don't know what I don't remember. Okay. And you don't have any idea? What if anything he did to investigate Sandy Hook other than shown up at that freedom of information commission hearing, correct? Yes. And you've had no further conversations with Rob do about what his uncle may or may not have done related to Sandy Hook. I have had conversations with him. You have when were those conversations over

Alex Jones  18:37
the years and again last night I was you asked him about hey, we ought to try to talk to him about what he said. And I kind of asked him more about what specifically he said just basically the same thing that he never seen. Government people so tight lipped and so non willing to talk about anything.

Chris Mattei  18:53
This is what Rob You said to you last night that his own blood said to him? Yes. Same thing you said before, and how recently had robbed you spoken to his uncle about it? As as of today, okay. How recently did Rob do less speak to his uncle?

Alex Jones  19:11
He actually said he recently talked to him about Sandy Hook. Now he just said, oh, yeah, I'll just talk to another day. He's doing great. Okay.

Chris Mattei  19:18
Did he indicate that my office had reached out to his uncle? No. Okay. So that that Rob do didn't share with you.

Alex Jones  19:27
Now, he just said how is your uncle? He's, he's fine. Just talking to me today.

Dan  19:31
So if you're Alex, you gotta be a little bit confused by that because Maddie is saying that they reached out to rob do his uncle and this wasn't communicated by Rob to Alex. Now this could mean that the plaintiffs office had spoken to uncle do Yeah. Or it could mean that uncle do is avoiding them. And Alex should probably say, I don't know. I haven't talked to him in a while. I have no information about this. Yeah. Yeah, either either prospect isn't really great. Sort of optically. Right? Right, right. Yeah, actually, when you add to it the like, what we heard on our last episode about this, Alex's dad dodging subpoena? Yes, of course. There seems to be a pattern of people to talk to he's absolutely covered it.

Jordan  20:19
No. I mean, of course, I can't remember the last time I talked to Rob, whose uncle because last night I said, Hey, guys, let's pretend he doesn't exist and get him out of the country. You can't talk to anybody. Why would I tell you that? I'm committing witness tampering?

Dan  20:35
Yeah. robbed his uncle. Actually, he only speaks going on now.

Jordan  20:39
Yeah, I'm gonna be able to listen. Hey, we're the ones who are really hurt by him only speaking cling on. But remember the last time we got together for a family dinner didn't understand a word of what he's saying. So you think you're mad?

Dan  20:52
So a lot of the questions obviously at towards the end of day one had to do with Dan but donde, right? Because you know, the Kraken is really central to a lot of this. Yeah, he was. Yeah. And so this has explored a little bit more here like, well, let's get let's get into some of the dynamics of how Banani was doing what he did.

Chris Mattei  21:13
And then the next month in July of 2015, you sent Mr. Madani up there again, to be with Mr. Helbig. Right.

Alex Jones  21:22
I mean, I know I know. He went up there some I don't remember when or how.

Chris Mattei  21:25
Okay, but I'm saying you know that after that June hearing that we saw yesterday, you then set him up to Connecticut again, to report for Infowars Correct. I

Alex Jones  21:36
don't remember the refresh.

Dan  21:39
So to clarify just really quick the hearing month prior is being referred to is the one where Rob do his uncle was there and where the donde was yelling at people and Alex. In day one of his testimony, he said I saw that and fuck this, right? Like I was offended by this totally, totally

Jordan  21:57
no more.

Dan  21:58
So this is a month after that Gotcha.

Chris Mattei  22:01
When we pull up exhibit number 38.

Chris Mattei  22:15
You see this email from Rob do to Dan donde sent July 8 2015?

Alex Jones  22:22
Yes, we read it.

Chris Mattei  22:24
Okay, so you can tell from this email? Can you not that Mr. Do was actually telling Damn, but don't worry. There is more. Yeah. Would you like to see the rest? After good luck to go ahead. Sorry.

Alex Jones  22:37
Yeah, I see it. Thank you.

Chris Mattei  22:40
Okay. So you see there, mister do telling dama donde to livestream his coverage of the Halbig hearing to the Alex Jones channel will say yeah. Yep. And of course, Mr. Bidadi would not have any authority to livestream to one of your YouTube channels. Unless he was reporting for Info Wars, right? Yes.

Alex Jones  23:06
I mean, I told you I don't remember when and how was it following this? Rob was running

Chris Mattei  23:09
right. Well, your rods, boss? Yes.

Alex Jones  23:14
And we just saw, I'm not putting any responsibility off on Iran. I'm just telling you. I don't remember all this. Right. Right. But at

Chris Mattei  23:19
least we can agree having seen this email that as of this time, Mr. Madani was still working as a reporter for Infowars. Right. If you showed

Dan  23:25
me this yesterday, I would have said that that Yes. Heard it. Oh, my God, I now cannot deny this. Now I can answer that question. Because there is no way out for me.

Jordan  23:36
I do feel like I do feel like at dinner, we've clearly discussed the strategy of skipping from the like, I'll just deny something and then watch them play the video to Alex being like, I don't remember. Are you going to play the video now?

Dan  23:51
There are a couple points where he does that. But he does have the same like, there's still Alex, there were a couple times where it's like he like Maddie is using very specific terms. And if you're Alex and you hear those terms, and the way the question is being phrased, it's like, I'm just about to get hit with the video of me saying that. Oh, I know. Absolutely. But he doesn't seem to see it coming. Sometimes.

Jordan  24:14
Nobody else sounds like him when you ask. So if you ask him, Did you say something like crazy aliens are coming to kill everybody? And he's like, never heard of that. Well, then obviously, you're gonna play the clip of him saying crazy aliens are coming to kill everybody.

Dan  24:27
Yeah, yep. You just can't smell those traps sometimes. So Alex tries to play a little wiggle game here with donde and the timing of firing him. Just does not work. Of course not

Chris Mattei  24:39
you authorized Bidadi to go up there on your behalf. Earlier I guess I did. And Rob do your news director did here.

Alex Jones  24:47
Right. All I know is that some time I saw him yelling at people. And I said, That's horrible. And I don't like that and tell him stop. And I don't want to use them anymore. And I just That's what I remember. And that happened. Although that a few times, like why isn't Auntie back doing reporting? And they're like, well, he's doing better or whatever. That's My Vague Memory. And I'm being honest with you. And so that's what I remember.

Chris Mattei  25:13
I just want to make sure I understand is, are you, you seem to be saying, on the one hand, you're speculating. On the other hand, you have a vague memory of it. I don't remember exactly when I finished my question. Because I think you're anticipating me, and I appreciate it. I take it that your testimony is that although at some point, you believe you instructed people who work for you, that Danby donde should no longer be used. You don't know when you did that. Is that fair? Yes. Okay. And you don't know why you did that?

Alex Jones  25:46
No, I do. I told you. It's because of what he was doing that that's what Rob said last night. I said, When did I say to get stop using him? And he said when he went to those events, and he altered the people. That's what he remembers as well. I know you're gonna talk to him. He can tell you about it. But that's that's what the best I remember. Okay. Rob knew at dinner. He backed me up. He's

Dan  26:04
exactly the same thing that I'm saying.

Jordan  26:08
I do like all the documents and all the evidence has gone for Alex to just be in like, Rob do agreed with me.

Dan  26:14
I've dinner last night. Yeah, that's, do you need more proof? You know, in my culture, dinner is sworn testimony. Is that true? In the Patriot community, you cannot lie at dinner,

Jordan  26:25
you break bread with the man you share salt, you cannot lie to him. How do you not know this

Dan  26:30
case closed? So Alex seems to be trying to I don't know if it's intentional, or if he just doesn't understand the video that was streamed on Alex's channel. Yes. Was the second time which is after the video of Madonna yelling at Pete. Right. Alex seems to want to make it the first one, right? Because it looks better. Yeah,

Jordan  26:53
it looks way better. It looks less guilty. Yes. Several years difference between the two does not look

Dan  27:00
good. And so Maddie is trying to explain to him, this is the second one right? You didn't? I don't know if Alex is picking up on it.

Chris Mattei  27:07
We have text messages that I'm going to show you shortly in 2016, in which your staff is at that time, telling them that donde that he should no longer represent himself as an Infowars reporter in 2016. I know it went on for a while. Well, it seems as though you had the footage from a month before this hearing in July, in which Mr. Madani was costing people. And a month later, he had permission to livestream a similar hearing over your YouTube channel. So it probably wasn't after you saw that footage right.

Alex Jones  27:41
Now, I'm just saying I remember getting upset that he still kept popping up in there. And then I remember Rob saying he's not officially working with us now. You know, he's just he's, it was just basically feeling sorry for him. And it's not good. I've already said that. You gave

Chris Mattei  27:55
them a donde access to livestream material to millions of people over your YouTube channel. Do you feel sorry for her?

Alex Jones  28:04
By this time, memory serves? Like I like to correct something. I thought Robin was that event. That's how my memory is all messed up on this

Chris Mattei  28:13
probably shouldn't testify under oath if your memory is all messed up.

Dan  28:17
So Alex is trying to sort of change the subject. Like I need to correct something about that I said about Rob being totally I understand is a good tactic. I think if you're if you're sitting there and you know, I think I think that every lawyer kind of has different things. Sure. And if I had said something, and Maddie responded with well. All right. All right. Put the handcuffs on.

Jordan  28:46
Well, I do like the explanation of their business, right? It's exactly like banks, you know, you know how when you fire a bank teller, they have to run the bank for a day before they can leave. It makes perfect sense. For them fire. Yeah, absolutely.

Dan  28:59
A couple months later, a year later, they just get a couple hours

Jordan  29:03
to show up and be like, hey, this bank is cool. Yeah, that's the way you do it. Who by? That's what they do.

Dan  29:09
Very weird. Yeah. So we get to talking a little bit about Alex's payment and how much money he made in certain years prior. And so the year 2015 comes up, and here's Alex's monetary situation, then

Chris Mattei  29:23
in 2015, you yourself had a another good year, you drew 8.3 million in compensation from your company, right? I did. Let me just see the document. Let's pull up exhibit 25. Looking at 2015 Do you see your draw in 2015 was $8.3 million. Yes. Thank you. And you took a salary on top of that of $97,000. Right? Yes. All right. And then in addition to that you received a distribution As a result of your interest in P L, Jr, correct? I don't know. Okay. We talked a little bit about PL Jr. Yesterday. And I think your testimony yesterday was you weren't quite sure what it was. But let me ask you a few more questions about that.

Dan  30:18
So there'll be some questions about this, but just sort of the brief version of it is free speech systems is the parent company that Infowars is actually right free speech isms as the name of the actual company, presumably, it's where you incorporate Yeah, and so they sell supplements that are sold by like, from PQ, PR, right, which is owned by like Alex and his parents. Right. Then P L. Jr. is another company on top of that, that owns PQ PR, right? It's owned by Alex and his mom. Okay. And then there's a EJ Trust, which has like a large interest holding a NPL Jr. It sure basically all of it is just the sort of nesting doll thing, right. But all just businesses, Alex and his family, right, right. So that's the dynamic, sort of the brief version of it. It is

Jordan  31:08
it is like, the dumbest way of doing a Cayman Islands tax dodge or something like it because it feels like you're doing this to hide who owns it. But it took like five minutes to be like, well, well, you own this and you own this and the owners of the A E J. Drust. Buddy. Yeah,

Dan  31:26
it's your initials, too. Yeah. You might as well have called it thick neck tech.

Jordan  31:35
Oh, you know, we found out that we found all Ceausescu's money because it was his initials on the goddamn account.

Dan  31:45
I just imagine him going to like his accountant and being like, give me a Swiss bank. Those, those are what you think they do.

Jordan  31:51
That's not how this works. So there's a put my money where the Nazi gold is.

Dan  31:59
So Alex has an accountant named Lydia Hernandez. And she is somebody who's kind of an all purpose player. It Info Wars, she handled a lot of different things throughout a quite a quite a stretch of their their business time. An email from her comes up as it relates to PL Jr. And it's so weird how Alex seems very reluctant to praise her.

Chris Mattei  32:25
Do you see this email from Lydia Hernandez to your father? Dr. Jones, you see that? Yes. She says Dr. Jones, I printed out some of the reports and placed them on your desk in an envelope marked personal and confidential. And do you see that attached to this email is in a spreadsheet? Titled 2015 to current distribution worksheet? You see that? Yes. All right. Now, Lydia? Hernandez is your former free speech systems accountant, correct? Yes. Okay. She also had a number of other jobs. She did some HR work right? For you. Yes. She was kind of an all round troubleshooter, correct? Yes. One of the best you ever had?

Alex Jones  33:06
I mean, she was a nice lady. Yeah.

Chris Mattei  33:08
I mean, you've called her amazing, right?

Alex Jones  33:09
I don't remember that.

Chris Mattei  33:10
Okay, what you'd agree with it? She's a nice lady. What? Is there some reason you don't want to acknowledge that at some point, at least you thought that she was an amazing employee.

Alex Jones  33:21
I think she's a very nice lady as well, as you said.

Dan  33:24
Just a nice lady.

Jordan  33:25
I genuinely don't know why I say that.

Dan  33:29
She's like, really competent and good as an accountant in case I need to throw her under a bus. That's what he's doing. Yeah, I don't know exactly where these questions are going. And I might have right off the bat.

Jordan  33:41
If you're asking me to confirm that I think she's amazing. That suggests to me that there's some sort of crime that I need to blame on her.

Dan  33:48
Yeah. And it seems like since she's come up, yeah, this is an this is gonna be a great opportunity to Oh, bus throw. Yeah, totally. But I can I can walk it back. If I just say she's a nice lady. She's

Jordan  34:00
a nice lady. I told you she was a nice lady. Early criminal as the day is long, but it's nice. Late criminals can be nice. Everybody knows that. They're nice. Yeah, come on.

Dan  34:09
So Alex doesn't know anything about any of these numbers, and he never heard resents the simulation that he does.

Chris Mattei  34:16
And we're gonna go to the tab of this spreadsheet that says distribution. And do you see here Mr. Jones? On the column A, it was 2015. And then in column C, it shows dates of distributions paid out of peak QPR. All right. And those distributions went to two other entities JL Jr. and PL Jr. Correct?

Alex Jones  34:52
I think so. I mean,

Chris Mattei  34:54
are you familiar with this distribution scheme you have here where PQ PR is making distributions of its proceeds to two corporate entities, one of which you control objection as to form.

Alex Jones  35:10
I mean, I don't really follow all this the accountants in the CPA to it. So.

Dan  35:14
Okay, that seems just impossible to believe.

Jordan  35:19
You know, like most business owners, he's not really interested in whether or not there's money here or there. He got somebody else's bro

Dan  35:29
he texts him for his day every day asking for sales number sure and but he's not really all that money in fact he has no idea what these companies even are that are like if he Oh God, like if that were true, which it's not sure if it were true, he would be the perfect Mark. Yeah, give me just take him for everything totally, it would be so easy if you had no idea what all of this structure existed for Holy shit. I

Jordan  36:00
mean, frankly, if this were true, then Lydia Hernandez should have taken several 100 million dollars

Dan  36:06
from she could have Yeah, would not have been difficult. Yeah. Nice lady, though

Jordan  36:11
I put it in LH trust. And so.

Dan  36:15
Yeah, I think that if Alex didn't actually understand any of this or didn't know any of this, right, and like this lawsuit was going on, and his lawyers were meeting with him. It would be an emergency. Totally, it would be like, Alex, do you understand that? This is set up it and it wouldn't all be set up entirely to the exact perfect structure for him. Sure. Sure. To be sneaky. Yeah. But anyway, he's so confused. He doesn't know I never heard of it. I don't even know

Jordan  36:47
what numbers are what our numbers.

Chris Mattei  36:49
But as you look at this spreadsheet, you'll see that according to this, the distributions from PQ PR, and that's the company that you claim sells the supplements on your website, right? That J L Jr. is has two members, David and Carol. Right. Those your parents and P L Jr. has two members. Alex and Carol. That's you and your mom. Right? And you have a 90% objections to it. timing matters. Okay, well, I'm talking about 2015 here, okay. In 2016, because that's reflected on this as well. So we're talking about 2015 and 2016. And according to this spreadsheet, as a result of your nine 90% interest in PL Jr. You received in 2015 80% of the total of P QPR distributions of 3.4 million. Right. Objection. All right. And so that's 3.4 million distribution on top of the 8.3 million that you drew down from free speech systems, right.

Alex Jones  38:07
I'm not the accountant because some of it pays the other thing and back and watch advertising and

Chris Mattei  38:14
the other thing, okay, this has nothing to this spreadsheet. You don't see anything on here about advertising, right.

Alex Jones  38:22
I don't understand all these numbers.

Dan  38:24
Okay. I don't know numbers. I'm baffled. I made like $12 million. But I don't know anything about anything. It was an accident. Honestly, I just. I don't know, I fucked around and accidentally made over $10 million

Jordan  38:37
among us hasn't tripped and fallen into several 100 pounds of money. I mean, it's silly. It's silly. We've all been there. Yeah. dark alley trip. There's a bag filled with money. Yeah, nothing you can do

Dan  38:49
happens to the best and worst. Oh, totally. So when your mind when you think of the common man, you think of what comes to mind for you?

Jordan  39:00
I don't know. I just think it's on average, everybody makes about 10 million a year. I think that's I think Alex is the common man. I think he represents the Everyman.

Dan  39:09
Do you say that? Because Alex thinks that.

Chris Mattei  39:12
Well, I noticed in your video yesterday that you posted about this deposition that you told and what you later published on your website that you told your audience that you're a common man, right? Yep. And you said that Connecticut is really a bedroom community for all the richest people in New York, right?

Alex Jones  39:32
Yeah, billionaires and people like Larry thank and folks that have robbed the country for trillions.

Chris Mattei  39:36
Yeah, but but you're the counting man, right? Yeah, I am calling Where did you fly into the airport? It wasn't Kennedy or LaGuardia or Bradley. Did you fly commercial? No. I

Alex Jones  39:51
flew to private plane private plane.

Chris Mattei  39:53
Okay. Because I also saw in your video that you put out yesterday that you were kind of saying you've never seen so many private planes in your life. When you landed No, right? But you weren't even

Alex Jones  40:02
one of the more. I've told my letters out form a small private client. Oh, my God.

Chris Mattei  40:06
And one of the reasons you're able to fly in small private planes is because you earn over $11 million in 2015. Right? A million since Correct?

Alex Jones  40:16
No, that's not why that was that was used to buy my ex wife out of the business. That's what we had to do that that was for that. Oh, Mr.

Chris Mattei  40:23
Jones, you just finished testifying that you have no idea what to tell me. Now, you want to tell me that this has to do with a payout to your wife objects. There's other volunteers. Right now there isn't right. Oh.

Jordan  40:39
That's rough. Oh, bad. Every time. He's like, No, if I offer up this information, it will make more sense.

Dan  40:46
Yeah, this is exculpatory. Ah, I figured out Oh, that is kind of one of the things that's really interesting. If you watch these depositions, you really do get a sense that one of Alex's just innate traits that he cannot stop himself from is trying to make explanations holdings totally, he's trying constantly to wiggle around and find the way that this works out in his best interest. Yeah. So previously, that money was I don't know anything about this, right? Then he comes up with like, oh, wait, I had to buy my wife out of the business. That's why there's so much money totally. And so he offers that up not realizing this contradicts the what he had said previously, and it doesn't really help. It raises more questions than it answers. Yeah, but he can't stop himself. And we're gonna see like, a grotesque example of that. Yeah. Towards the end of this episode, but like, it's just, it's just his psychology. It is.

Jordan  41:42
It is like those those a shows or, you know, like the cop shows where there's the criminal mastermind, who's also a psychopath who can just get in, get on the witness stand, and they'll just charm and be so you know, those things. Like, it is kind of funny, because they never choose a really incompetent psychopath who lost a billion dollars, you know? Exactly.

Dan  42:07
I'm saying, Alex, in the Connecticut case, I probably he probably thought that too.

Jordan  42:13
What do you think? Yeah. Like, I can get my way out of it.

Dan  42:18
I can call this a struggle session, and then everything will be fine. Yeah.

Jordan  42:21
It's amazing. Cool. It is amazing. The insanity required.

Dan  42:26
Yeah. So in the course of the trial itself, we learned that the Bitcoin donations that Alex got the millions, right went straight to his own wallet. You know, it wasn't your business wallet. You know, granted, it's a save Info Wars type of match advertising, of course. And of course, Alex says that all that money went to the Legal Defense Fund. Of course it did. Who knows? Maybe it did, maybe it didn't. But asking some of these questions about other donations and such that go to the Legal Defense Fund looks a little bit wishy washy. cagey about that a little bit.

Chris Mattei  43:01
You separately raised money from your audience for your own, what you claim is the defensive Infowars. Right. Yes. Okay. And people can give to that. Is there a specific link for that for the Infowars? Legal Defense? There's a website, there's a specific website. And when people give through that website, where does it go?

Alex Jones  43:24
It is it is put in an account and accounted for in as an account. It's a

Chris Mattei  43:29
free speech systems that account it's accounted for as who set it up.

Jordan  43:37
Say, Lydia,

Alex Jones  43:38
I may throw her under the bus so badly, you'll count and again, then one goes ahead and the other one went, and that's that's putting the ledger as that and then, last time I checked, I think it's been spent on legal.

Chris Mattei  43:49
When was last time you checked?

Alex Jones  43:50
I checked it last week.

Chris Mattei  43:52
Okay. And your sworn testimony here is that every penny that was deposited into the account you just described for me, went to your lawyers.

Jordan  44:03
I went on Wendy's. I mean, I can't

Alex Jones  44:05
I haven't done all the accounting myself. But that's that's my general belief. And that's what the money is

Chris Mattei  44:11
for. And there's also a link on your website just for people to donate. Right? Yes. And that money just goes right into the Free Speech systems general fund

Alex Jones  44:18
right. Absolutely goes to war fund.

Chris Mattei  44:21
The war fund are you at war with somebody I am

Alex Jones  44:24
with the globalist and all their crime crime syndicates. Okay.

Jordan  44:27
Okay. All right. Okay. All right.

Dan  44:31
It's it sounds better on his show.

Jordan  44:34
It really does. It really does. There aren't there are too many sarcastic Yeah, good for you boy.

Dan  44:41
Yeah, the the just the notion of having a war chest or a war fun is silly outside of the context of his performance. Right,

Jordan  44:49
right. Right. in a in a deposition. You're like you understand that we're human beings in the world and not fictional. We're fighting a war situation with demons It's just us, you and me real people

Dan  45:02
just trying to get answers. Yeah. Shitty actions.

Jordan  45:06
Yep. You're a piece of shit. Yep.

Dan  45:08
So the question comes up, Alex, is it war with these globalists? Naturally? Who are the globalist? Well, are the parents of these children? It's gonna be the family members, the Sandy Hook victims, globalists

Chris Mattei  45:18
are my clients. globalists.

Alex Jones  45:23
No, but most of the Sandy Hook parents, once you have are you're using them, an HBO, The New York Times its whole globalist conglomerate to try to silence the populace voices and dissent. And they're just being used as pawns by you.

Chris Mattei  45:38
So the Sandy Hook families that have decided to sue, you are just pawns in a much larger battle is that you're saying

Alex Jones  45:47
I'm not going to speak for them in my view. They're being used by you. And Senator Blumenthal and others as pawns,

Chris Mattei  45:54
okay, by me their lawyer. I mean, you're an

Alex Jones  45:58
ambulance chaser Democrat, anti free speech, anti gun tyrant.

Chris Mattei  46:02
Okay. All right. So I'm a tyrant. And so I need to be stopped. Right?

Alex Jones  46:05
Well, I mean, people people understand that that America is going to stand firm against the bullying the censorship, the delisting the D banning and all of it and we're never going to stop resisting

Chris Mattei  46:16
so I but I'm, you just refer to me family's lawyer as a tyrant. That's right.

Alex Jones  46:21
They referred to me yesterday, as as filing fraudulent documents on purpose about financial story

Chris Mattei  46:27
advise you is that the judge had found that and it's ridiculous, okay. All these documents pending

Dan  46:37
a couple times, just pop it up. It shut the fuck up. There's no reason to be talking right now. I swear, like listening to some of this. Like if this was available to the jury. Yeah. I you know, I think that a billion He's lucky. If not, I know. So lucky.

Jordan  46:55
It is it is kind of bad. It is kind of like I understand why we had to have a trial with a jury there. And we did the whole thing. And it was very satisfying. But there is a part of me that's like, you could have just played the deposition for the jurors. And they'd have been like one Balian.

Dan  47:08
Let's get out. I think they may have had access to it in the Yeah, chambers

Jordan  47:13
chamber room. But it's four days of depositions. You know, they're not we they didn't watch. Obviously, they didn't watch four days of deposition.

Dan  47:19
But they also had the transcript True. True. I don't know. It's it listening to this. It's it's really it's bad. I was just there. Pawns your tie. Really?

Jordan  47:31
Yeah. Yeah, I will say if they skimmed it, they would have gotten more than enough. Yeah, yeah, for sure. Yeah.

Dan  47:38
I don't think anybody needs to. Well, there are some masochists in our audience who have now decided they want to watch out for depositions. But other than me, I don't I don't know if anybody needs to subject themselves. We got

Jordan  47:49
it. We got to play a game with these depositions where we just fast forward and then click play on a certain spot and just see what the next 10 seconds are.

Dan  47:59
Some of it, some of it might that might be fruitful. There are I mean, look, they're long stretches, where it's a lot of the same stuff that we've we've heard and talked about a bunch of times before it like there's a long stretch in this episode or this deposition about you know, all the various anomalies in quotes. And we've talked about that 100 times. It's just basically him. Maddie pointing out to Alex, right? This was wrong, right? Wrong. If you could, if you just randomly dropped in it could be that or could be gold could never know could be.

Jordan  48:32
It is it is him. You know, I do think that hidden his mind calling them ambulance chasers is a good is a good thing because it it draws the image of the lawyer who's got somebody scrupulous. Yeah, with the head bandage and the arm in a sling. That's actually fine. And I get that. But that's kind of the problem here. A lot of the times that ambulance chaser does have to be using somebody who doesn't really have that much of a problem. We've never been like that ambulance chaser representing the families of victims of the the children of one of the worst massacres in the history of the United States, right? Yeah, that's a little bit different. If you say ambulance chaser there, it makes you look like a piece of shit.

Dan  49:20
It's embedded in there in a way that Alex I don't think recognize it. Yeah. But there's also like, it's just like shifting the accusation onto the lawyer is really just the way that Alex is trying to take. He's trying to deny it without denying well, more or less. Yeah, and trying to take agency away from the parents while attacking them. It's like all of this sucks. All of this is fake, right? Oh, the poor parents. They're being mis misled by these lawyers. Right. Which makes no sense. No, yeah. No, and it's shitty. Yep. So the discussion of the Child Exploitation material that was in the email right got sent to the plaintiff's attorneys by Alex's lawyers comes up. And here's a little conversation about it. That ends with a probably an unfortunate moment for Alex.

Chris Mattei  50:12
So, I'm a tyrant. I'm one of the people that needs to be stopped because I represent the Sandy Hook families in this plot against you, right?

Alex Jones  50:22
I mean, your overall Democrat Party plot against America, okay?

Chris Mattei  50:26
Now, the first time you ever met me was yesterday, right? But I'm well aware of who you are. Well, I know you've talked about me in the past on your show. In fact, you put a million dollar bounty on me for having my head on a pipe right

Alex Jones  50:40
now. I said, Whoever sent the child porn that's very clear.

Chris Mattei  50:43
And whose photo Did you pound when you were offering that penalty?

Alex Jones  50:48
Your photo was there and I just cut to a wide shot of that.

Chris Mattei  50:52
Thought it was right in front of you and then played I did until the camera got on my photo and then pounded my picture right. Right. You know, you're doing need to share my video. But you recall that you did that, right.

Alex Jones  51:08
I talked about the fact that I was suspicious of an anti Alex Jones Sandy Hook email sent with embedded child porn that we never opened. And the headlines in the news are Alex Jones says child porn to J hook families what's not true somebody sent me an email that was anti Alex Jones. We never opened it. You got it. You went and scanned it. Using the system for whatever little little needle in the haystack you seem to know was there and and then ran headlines seem to know I had sent child porn to people. Boy, I mean, that right there is just unbelievably dirty and deceptive and not true.

Chris Mattei  51:42
Mr. Jones, I just want to like, clarify a few things here for you. The child pornography that your lawyers transmitted to my office was found by a third party vendor. And it's a question. Yeah. Well, no, it's timoni. But yeah, I don't know how to get to

Alex Jones  52:05
goodness. Just nobody bought. Nobody bought it.

Chris Mattei  52:07
Mr. Jones, who was the first person to ever publicize in any way that your lawyers had sent? materials containing child pornography to my office? Who was the first person to ever say anything?

Alex Jones  52:22
I don't remember exactly who but I know the media was calling. Mr. Jones.

Chris Mattei  52:25
Objection. Do you don't remember who the first person was to state publicly that this whole issue of child pornography and your company providing it to your lawyers and then sending it to us? Was you

Alex Jones  52:38
objection? That's a deceptive statement that our company provided it was unopened email. It wasn't

Chris Mattei  52:42
opening I'm not disputing.

Dan  52:46
Poor Alex hub boy doesn't realize that he did this to themselves by trying to get out ahead of a store. I know. He was drunk hanging out with Norm this happened. And then he was like, I gotta get out of this boy got on air started screaming about it. There's no there were headlines that were being put out by nefarious globalists. Definitely

Jordan  53:06
not Chris himself. No, which was what Alex was saying the headlines you put out

Dan  53:12
Oh, you did it. Alex did this

Jordan  53:15
man, that's one of those things that I really, I really just hate that, you know, for a number of billion reasons. I hate that happened. Not least of which just because it muddied so much. It's just like, it doesn't do anyone any good. You know, it's just awful all

Dan  53:35
all around anytime, you know, you know, Child Exploitation materials around it's it's bad disk. But yeah, in terms of this, I do think that if Alex hadn't done what he did, then this would have been handled quite differently. Like no one would have gotten sanctioned over this. There wouldn't have been any kind of like charges brought against the lawyers or Alex, it would be very easily understood. And this was something that was sent to them. It wasn't opened. Alex made a much bigger deal out of this by trying to make a narrative out of every spin something to accuse these lawyers of setting him up, right.

Jordan  54:16
Every every article, every headline that he had embedded his of him saying these things true. It's not like they, yeah, that's crazy.

Dan  54:27
Um, so Alex rambles quite a bit, and then finally gets to just stating directly that he believes that the families are pawns in a plot against him smart.

Chris Mattei  54:39
Getting back to my point about are my questions about the what you see as a really kind of life and death struggle between you, your audience that supports you, and this movement to this globalist movement that you've described, right? You consider the plaintiffs to be basically unwitting pawns in that attack against you.

Alex Jones  55:09
I mean, there's no doubt the corporate media on the system is using the lawsuit to try to get rid of the First Amendment for the general public. They admit that I New York Times headline saying, you know, time to get rid of the First Amendment and don't research things. So

Chris Mattei  55:19
would you just answer my question? I think what you're justifying is that you consider my clients to be unwitting pawns in the plot against you

Alex Jones  55:31
what I see it as is that misrepresentations when I've apologized, claims that I'm going after people when I wasn't. And I've just seen really a lot of sad people that lost their children using me to keep the story of their children in the news and gun control in the news. And so the and then I see the accusations by you guys, that I made all this money off Sandy Hook when I know I didn't. Social media was exploding, then that's when it basically began was around 2012. And sort of getting any grew. Everybody grew with it. And Barack Obama grew all the conservative media just like Trump grew liberal media. I mean, this I know that it's well known. It's like asking what to tide comes in, the tide goes out, you're saying, here and there, Sandy Hook, but

Chris Mattei  56:20
it's just not true. Okay, so getting back to my question. Yeah. Just see if you can answer this question. Do you consider my clients now to be unwitting pawns in this overarching conspiracy? against you in the free world?

Alex Jones  56:45
Absolutely. Okay. Thank you much. So I see 1000s of articles. I mean, I mean,

Chris Mattei  56:48
thank you. Thank you for your answer.

Dan  56:50
Don't elaborate.

Jordan  56:51
Wow. Wow.

Dan  56:52
Yep. Wrong answer, boy.

Jordan  56:56
Boy, oh, no. You just couldn't couldn't not know. Just couldn't not know.

Dan  57:03
In a much like the well, in a situation like this. If you give an answer. And then the lawyer says, Thank you for your answer. Yeah, you just really screwed yourself a lawyer. Thanks

Jordan  57:13
you for anything that isn't money. You're fucked. Yeah,

Dan  57:17
you should be really worried. So the question comes up about whether or not Alex contacted any of the families and whether he ever was in touch with anybody whether he

Jordan  57:29
ever had some sort of background report on anybody that nobody seems to know that doesn't

Dan  57:34
come up. Okay. But this is this is just a nice setup and spike. If you ever

Chris Mattei  57:41
spoken with any my clients

Alex Jones  57:49
now that are a member,

Chris Mattei  57:51
have you ever spoken with any family members? Have any buddy who was killed at Sandy Hook? No, we've invited them on the show. You've never personally spoken to them? Not that I know. And nobody on your behalf, as far as you know, has spoken to them. Not that I'm wrong. Okay. Have you ever sent letters to any family members of anybody who was killed at Sandy Hook?

Alex Jones  58:20
We responded back to Posner.

Chris Mattei  58:23
You sent a letter to Mr. Posner.

Alex Jones  58:25
I believe when he emailed us, we emailed him back. Okay,

Chris Mattei  58:28
putting putting that aside in by the way you did, I'm gonna show you that when you say we you're talking about Mr. Watson, email them back, right. I believe that was in 2013. I believe so. Okay. But other than Mr. Posner, you've never sent a letter to any family members that people were killed at Sandy Hook?

Alex Jones  58:46
No. Okay. Madeleine Albright in the city letters of 500,000 She killed in Iraq.

Chris Mattei  58:52
Doesn't seem like you want to compare yourself to Madeleine Albright.

Alex Jones  58:54
I'm not a hero like her. I'm the villain. She's the hero. I'm not a hero,

Chris Mattei  59:00
Mr. Jones represent that. This is a video that was produced to us by free speech systems. In 2018, but 89 is the cliff Golden

Alex Jones  59:21
State Warriors in Texas, Connecticut, the both have strong anti slap provisions for attorneys fees and damages. And I'm like sitting there with my lawyers last week, the one I know we've got slapped back and got to decouple lessons and stuff on fixes. And I don't want to sue these families. They shouldn't be, but they'd have manipulated. So we've been sending letters to the families and that's why they got another crop of families. We've been talking to him and saying really show me the clip where I said that

Chris Mattei  59:58
so obviously that was false. We do Hold your audience that you have been sending letters and getting on the phone with the families and talking to them correct?

Alex Jones  1:00:04
No, I don't know the context of this. And I'm sorry, what that means somebody that represented what I was talking to. I mean, I can't remember the times. But I would like saying that it wasn't true.

Chris Mattei  1:00:16
Well, you just testified completely opposite to so which is true. I barely

Alex Jones  1:00:20
remembered the positive thing I said, there could have been more. I don't know. I don't remember this.

Jordan  1:00:26
Man. That is maybe the best example of holding two contradictory ideas inside your head at the same time. Yeah. And Alex is a master of doing that. I will give him that. I will give him that.

Dan  1:00:39
It's nothing is real. It is quite

Jordan  1:00:44
certain. There's a certain place I get I get.

Dan  1:00:50
I mean, look, it's fun to talk shit on your show, of course, and being like, we've talked to these people, and they're all dropping the suit. Fantastic. It's great. It just you shouldn't things are recorded. Your shows, it's

Jordan  1:01:06
fine. To not be there later.

Dan  1:01:07
Yeah, man. Anyway,

Jordan  1:01:11
we should really destroy every episode of something immediately after doing it. No evidence of anything ever.

Dan  1:01:19
So there's a discussion, pretty long discussion about Alex's video of his final statement on Sandy Hook. And a lot of the conversation surrounds the various anomalies that are incorrect, right. So I'm not going to play a ton of that. But here's one clip of the discussion about the Bloomberg email. And the reason I kept this in is just because it's so funny to hear Alex talk about his own ideas this way.

Chris Mattei  1:01:48
And I'll ask you to pause it intermittently through this.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:52
Any notes you write down scribble?

Chris Mattei  1:02:07
Listening there is almost your yourself saying number one, on the day before the shooting an email sent out by Bloomberg anti gun group, right. And you pull up on the screen as you're saying that Infowars article, correct? Yes. Okay. In that Infowars headline is exposed how Bloomberg plan to seize upon gun tragedy, right? Yes. And it's dated March 13 2013. Correct? Yes. Read by Aaron dikes right. Yeah, she was a writer of years ago. Yes. Okay. And you pulled up this article as evidence of the fact that Mr. Bloomberg organization had in fact sent out an email the day before the shooting, as you just said,

Alex Jones  1:02:49
correct? Well, I didn't pull it up. Someone put it on this video. But that's why you put it there. I've I guess. So.

Chris Mattei  1:02:55
I mean, nobody spontaneously decided to do that. That was pre loaded right.

Alex Jones  1:02:59
Now, a lot of times, they just put stuff up on the show, but I don't know. Are you

Chris Mattei  1:03:03
claiming that? Sorry, what are you claiming that this was not published? In the middle of your statement as evidence for your claim?

Alex Jones  1:03:14
I haven't seen three seconds of this clip. I don't know what I'm looking at here. All right.

Chris Mattei  1:03:19
Go ahead. Keep playing it.

Alex Jones  1:03:21
Saying preparing for a big but the biggest.

Chris Mattei  1:03:26
So you said that Mayor Bloomberg had sent out an email the day before the shooting saying prepare for a big event. Right. Right. And we talked about that yesterday as being evidence to support your claim that Sandy Hook was a hoax because Mr. Bloomberg would have had foreknowledge of the event coming

Alex Jones  1:03:42
right? Or they were saying get ready to use a tragedy,

Chris Mattei  1:03:45
right. But you said he jumped the gun, meaning that he released that email early, intending to send it after the fact knowing that there was going to be a hoax. Correct.

Alex Jones  1:03:57
That's the type you played earlier. And that's what you meant by it. You could imply that

Chris Mattei  1:04:05
you'd agree with me that that's what you meant. When you said blew me you jumped the gun. You sent this email out early, knowing that there was going to be a hoax, right? Yes. Is that a yes. Mr. Jones? Yes. Okay. Thank you.

Dan  1:04:20
That's a possible interpretation. My thoughts that

Jordan  1:04:23
was a roller coaster ride of one clip that was insane. Yeah,

Dan  1:04:27
I like to scribble.

Jordan  1:04:31
Immediately that changed everything in my mind. I went from being a desk situation very much like you and I right now to being Alex as one of those children who had just had a traumatic event, sitting there with the cops with a crayon scribbling down as the cops ask questions about what happened. That's what's going on here. Yeah.

Dan  1:04:50
My mind even goes to like a kid at a desk. Like one of those desks that has like the pocket on Oh yeah. Where you put all your supply is little bit too small for Alex, and he's sitting there not paying attention in class, drawing the s, I could see that that's always the

Jordan  1:05:07
s. Yeah.

Dan  1:05:09
So yeah. This is another thing that comes up pretty repeatedly in terms of Alex's evasions, and that is that, Oh, someone put that email or that story up on like in editing or something, and host Yeah. And oh, that's not the right thing told are supposed to be there as evidence of the claims that I'm making. But somebody else put this together. And it's not the right thing.

Jordan  1:05:33
You know what, I'm not mad at the crew, right? That that's the story for this deposition.

Dan  1:05:37
That ends up being an excuse for at least a couple of things, you could imply

Jordan  1:05:41
that is an amazing misdirect from a thing you were implying, like, Ah, I was applying it, but you could imply that I was implying

Dan  1:05:50
you could imply that this is a claim that I made

Jordan  1:05:52
you could you implausible, yes.

Dan  1:05:59
What a dork. Anyway, Alex, just like he's in deflection mode. He's just hey, what about the media? They make mistakes, buddy? Fine.

Chris Mattei  1:06:09
You know, I've, I've heard you say several times this morning. And yesterday that you got things wrong, made mistakes. Right. And I appreciate you saying that,

Alex Jones  1:06:21
like the New York Times. So there were WMDs in Iraq, they knew and Lionel habits and killed millions people. I didn't kill anybody. Honestly, I know they're liberal. They're good. All right. I'm the bad guy.

Chris Mattei  1:06:32
Okay. I just, I really, really give you an opportunity here. And you're not going to get any debate for me that media makes mistakes all the time, including some that have grievous consequences of projection. But do you acknowledge that what you claim are mistakes that you made regarding the worst school shooting in history? Where you claimed that it was a hoax in order to as part of a plot to disarm the public? That that had real consequences for the people who you claimed were part of that hoax. You?

Alex Jones  1:07:24
Adam Lanza is dead. I didn't kill their children. No, you didn't.

Chris Mattei  1:07:27
Oh,

Dan  1:07:29
that's a shit. Response.

Jordan  1:07:32
Yeah.

Dan  1:07:33
Yeah. Do you recognize that the mistakes and things that you were engaged in surrounding this have consequences for people to kill? The guy didn't kill anybody? Yeah, he's dead.

Jordan  1:07:44
Yeah, it is. It is very much. It is very much you can you can just like something. Something I read Trump said the other day was, if the candidates that I support win, then all of the glory should go to me. Right? They lose. No one should blame me for anything, of course. And it is so like, that's just encapsulated in what Alex does. Yeah, but

Dan  1:08:09
that makes sense. Yeah,

Jordan  1:08:11
no, it does make sense. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, totally. What is responsibility? If it's not just claiming credit for things? It's credit?

Dan  1:08:18
Yeah. So Yeah, Alex is asked about this idea that the audience comes to him for truth. Interesting. This is weird. He has a weird response. There's a little bit of grandstanding. Okay.

Chris Mattei  1:08:33
I just want to see if you understand that when you tell your audience that comes to you for the truth, because that's what you tell them you're giving them right.

Alex Jones  1:08:46
Unlike the Supreme Court nominee, I can say what a woman is yes, you're in that's what they expect for there are two genders.

Chris Mattei  1:08:54
Oh, my God genders and I don't want to play games with your I'm talking about my clients. I

Alex Jones  1:08:59
don't go mainstream media says there's not two genders. I mean, that's people you guys, Mr. Jones.

Chris Mattei  1:09:04
I what you're trying to do right now is distract from the question I'm asking you. So I just want you to answer my question. Okay. I didn't think it was going to be hard for you acknowledge that your audience comes to you for the truth. Would you just agree with me on that? Yes, I'm gonna make mistakes and you make mistakes fine. You and I can disagree all day long about whether you made mistakes or whether you lied on purpose. All right. But

Alex Jones  1:09:26
the but what am I what am i What's the stupid stuff just wasn't paying attention. What about

Chris Mattei  1:09:29
this? You agree with me that at a minimum, you were reckless in the statements you made about Sandy Hook or

Unknown Speaker  1:09:37
objection?

Alex Jones  1:09:39
No, I believe I believe that were real anomalies. And I was and I was wrong. I said that you're

Chris Mattei  1:09:43
you weren't reckless in the statements you made about Sandy Hook object detection. last film, a video yesterday in which you said you were reckless objection.

Dan  1:09:56
Do we have the clip? Oh, have you responded to exactly what I think is like the most important under? Like it just it's there. Yeah, it's moved past but Alex saying I wasn't paying attention. Amazing. is dark astonishing. It's it's such a blip, you know, in terms of things that are said in this deposition. Yeah. But to me, it's so important because it is just like Alex thinks he can absolve himself of this wrongdoing and the pain that he causes people because like, I wasn't even paying attention. Yeah. Like, no, that's not better. Yeah. It's like when he was in the grand Greenwald interview, and he said, like, he was driving

Jordan  1:10:37
drunk. Yeah, I was just drunk. When I was saying doesn't make this better. They said, when I hit your son with a car, I was drunk, and I wasn't paying attention. So leave me alone.

Dan  1:10:49
Well, that's actually a really good sort of way to look at it. It's like, I ran over your kid, but I was drunk when I did it. So I'm not a bad person. I didn't mean to hit your kid. Exactly. Now, you did decide to drink and drive, right, which is something that maybe makes you a less of a good person. The decision point was earlier. Yeah. So for Alex, if he's like, I wasn't paying attention when I made all this bullshit up and threw it around about these grieving parents. Like, no, no, no, that the act of saying the thing you're trying to absolve yourself as irrelevant. Yeah, the decision to behave in that way and operate your news outlet, right, like you're a drunk driver is the problem. And that doesn't make you a bad person.

Jordan  1:11:32
Right? When you made the decision to drive drunk, you said something, and that was I don't partake. I know that this is a possibility, maybe even a high possibility. And I don't care. Yeah. And if your kid dies, I know that could happen. But it's less valuable to me. It's just getting home without taking

Dan  1:11:53
more expedient for me to drive drunk. And for Alex, it's more expedient to like make shit up. Because it's sensational. And his audience enjoys it.

Jordan  1:12:03
Did you not hear that? I made $11 million. Of course, I wasn't paying attention when I was lying about why a lot of money

Dan  1:12:11
is crippling the business. Yeah, exactly. So this next clip really got me thinking. I don't believe a good bit of this. But there's a interesting level of false introspection that's going on. Okay.

Chris Mattei  1:12:25
I mean, I've developed and learned a lot. 48 Okay. So how old were you? When Sandy Hook happened? I would be 38. Okay, broadcasting to an audience and millions. I mean, we saw the numbers, right? Conjunction.

Alex Jones  1:12:38
So, if I don't want to believe anything, I'm allowed to believe it. And I'm allowed to have free speech to not win as a gun owner, I'm being blamed for something people then basically have a form of resistance to that to just didn't believe no, it didn't happen, because it's a terrible thing that happened. When you when it's wrongfully being accused on all gun owners. People then start knowing that that's a fraud. And so the mind then starts finding ways to, to absolutely then vilify the media and the groups that are saying and doing that. And that's what you were doing as well. Well, I mean, I've tried to analyze myself, and I've got I've gotten some some therapy over it, actually. And now,

Jordan  1:13:18
how to tell her the therapist.

Alex Jones  1:13:22
It's been helpful.

Chris Mattei  1:13:23
Well, I think you should be commended for that. But I also want to say, motion to strike. I also want though, to ask you whether in that reflection, you've come to realize that the statements you made that were wrong, that you claim were mistakes, hurt people. Objection,

Alex Jones  1:13:41
objection. Just like the judge lying and saying that we gave you false documents are you lying in court is hurtful objection. When you lie to liberal and loving, and when you guys blow up countries, it's liberal and loving. But you said pedophiles directly storytime is liberal and loving

Unknown Speaker  1:13:56
motion. It all has consequences. It all has consequences. But

Alex Jones  1:13:59
you guys have done that no one believes anything.

Chris Mattei  1:14:01
And in in what you say as consequences. Okay. And you don't dispute that the families who you claimed were actors suffered as a result of that. Do you object to that? And that's fine. That's your objection. You don't dispute it?

Alex Jones  1:14:24
Or you let me talk here. Yeah. I don't think the level of pain I went through losing their children being a father myself before children, having four and a half year old daughter, I don't think going through that level of pain and horror, the worst thing happened in the world even comes in any comparison things I did in my own mistakes and my own delusions.

Dan  1:14:45
So I think it's really admirable of Maddie to not take the bait that Alex was throwing out there with all the liberal in loving so much, you know, because what he's doing is trying to derail the point of attention which is threatening To him, which is you did cause this pain, yeah. And hurt to these people. And so when he's confronted with that, he says, like, oh, yeah, just like this. And if you just ignore that you'd like, Yeah, fine. But you are just like that, then you're agreeing with you cause me you're trying to, like muddy the waters by bringing in outside grievances that you have. But focusing just straight on what we're talking about. Your answer is yes, yeah,

Jordan  1:15:29
absolutely. You jerk. No, what you tried to do was agree with me, and then throw keys off into the cornfield and be like, don't you want to chase those

Dan  1:15:38
key? Yeah. And it's, you know, obviously, some of the keys that he throws are repulsive. And, you know, they are things that, you know, you'd want to correct or be like, Hey, hold on now. But in a setting like this, it's, you know, it's key just to stay on point. And that that's difficult to do with a distraction artists like Alex

Jordan  1:15:56
No, absolutely. And it is such an endurance test, you know, like, I genuinely as as I'm listening to this, you know, this one in the last one, it's like, I could not do this, if the judgment was in doubt. Do you know what I'm saying? Like, now that it's over, and I know that he loses and all this stuff, then I could listen to him in this deposition telling me these things, because I've got a big smile in the back of my mind. Sure. But in this situation, where you don't know yet, you know, you're gonna, you've already won and all that stuff, but you don't know if it's going to go the way you really want it to get, like the idea that he can just say that shit to you. Yeah. And then not get consequences for worrying. It's terrifying. Yeah, the endurance of not like, because again, that's what Alex does. He gives you as much emotion as he can to override your ability to

Dan  1:16:47
think or trying to elicit that emotion in you to get you off track. Absolutely. But also, I think that this clip offers a really good insight into Alex's mind and how these conspiracies work. Because if you look at it, it's basically exactly what we say pretty regularly is what he's articulating. He sees an event that's threatening to his ideology, and he knows that he has no actual argument about it, and that the people on the other side of the issue have points that he cannot in any way rebut. Instead of recognizing that and working on strengthening his arguments or attempting to find a compromise solution. Alex takes a shortcut of saying that this threatening event didn't happen. When there's a mass shooting, all gun owners aren't blamed for it. But Alex feels like they are because to him discussion of gun regulation isn't a matter of making better public policy. It's something that's being done to punish people who have guns. This is obviously inaccurate, but it serves as a launching pad for Alex to make the leap to where he wants to go, which is to say that the shooting itself is fake. So there's no reason to punish gun owners, which would not happening to begin with. If Alex had to counter the actual arguments, people who propose gun regulation are making he would fall flat. He showed all he has when he went on Piers Morgan show like it's just a bunch of yelling and aggressive statements, but there's no actual substance there. This is all just intellectual cowardice. Alex can't stand up to the actual ideas in the arena like he likes to think he can. So he takes the shortcut of taking world events personally and then insisting they didn't happen. The event didn't happen because the globalists who are really just trying to punish me to begin with, so they fake this event in order to give them a justification to do it. You can easily see how this allows Alex to sidestep any actual policy discussions because he's not equipped to have them. Also, no therapist would allow this kind of justification to stand without further exploration absurd. It's just a case of clear projection and rationalization that you'd have to have a normal level therapist in order to accept and move past That's outrageous. Yeah,

Jordan  1:18:46
no. Oh,

Dan  1:18:49
I mean, I know that Alex has gone to some therapists just because of court order stuff with his divorce and custody stuff, but oh, it was a while back

Jordan  1:18:56
and putting a poor therapist or this. This is this is the one time where there's just not enough money. What

Dan  1:19:03
reboot of The Sopranos. There we go. Looks at the therapist.

Jordan  1:19:08
Yeah, you would have to have a gun to the therapist had to pull

Dan  1:19:11
that. We reboot Dr. Katz? Okay. All? Oh, no, no, no. Roger Stone, who's the Infowars personalities as Dr. Katz's patients. Yeah,

Jordan  1:19:23
and we could get Louie CK back because he's also they're all pieces of shit. See?

Dan  1:19:31
I feel like I feel like we could be onto something a everyone out there listening. Don't tell anyone.

Jordan  1:19:35
Don't tell anybody. We will pull this off.

Dan  1:19:39
Yeah. So Maddie points out here. There's something that's very important. And that is that like if you believe that these people are actors, and you know, they've just pulled off this fake thing in order to take everyone's guns. You should expose them. Right? That would be the right thing to do the way to do it right.

Chris Mattei  1:19:56
If you you have somebody who is fake their child's As part of a political agenda to disarm the American public, those people should be exposed for what they are action to.

Alex Jones  1:20:09
Some of them some of the parents, and I understand that I can imagine their pain, got sounds descendancy troll and advocacy. And now some of them have done quite well in that advocacy. And so became, you know, political operatives in that very early on. And they're now in a political arena. And so that's, that's what's gonna happen.

Mario Cerame  1:20:30
I move to strike the colloquy counsels tone seems calculated to

Chris Mattei  1:20:33
Mario. Objection. So why don't we wait until the end of the break? And you can make your objection.

Dan  1:20:40
So Alex is basically saying exactly what Maddie would hope he'd say, yeah. 100% Because he's saying they have entered the political arena. Yep. Just kind of making the argument that they're fair game. Yeah. And so this turns into a bit of chaos. And

Jordan  1:21:02
if I understand correctly, what he's saying is if you survive, or experience a massive tragedy and tell people about it, then it is fine to abuse you.

Dan  1:21:12
Well, yes. Unless you tell people about it in a way that Alex like, yes. You're a monster. Yeah. If you are assaulted at all. Yeah. So yeah, chaos, man.

Chris Mattei  1:21:27
Form objection. So why don't we wait until the end of the break? And you can make your objection.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:32
It's a 1330. Objection. i Okay. You know that you are antagonizing the witness. That's my objection. That's what I want to know. It's terrible.

Chris Mattei  1:21:39
Can you you guys can all talk at the same time? They had it coming didn't

Alex Jones  1:21:44
know that's a terrible objection. Why that? I said, How dare you say the parents had a coming didn't? Well, you just said that. Didn't you harass them? The parents were saying they had it coming.

Chris Mattei  1:21:58
I think you know what I met Mr. Joe, which is you just said shame. They stepped in. They stepped into

Unknown Speaker  1:22:05
public and we have you noticed.

Chris Mattei  1:22:08
They stepped into the public arena. And so they got what they got. Right.

Alex Jones  1:22:12
You put more Toronto Parker's

Chris Mattei  1:22:14
up into the public arena.

Alex Jones  1:22:16
He did and I think he's a good man. And did he ever anti gun agenda? minutes? were used for an anti gun agenda.

Chris Mattei  1:22:23
You'd Robbie Robbie Parker ever said a word about guns? Objection? No.

Alex Jones  1:22:28
No, what I'm sorry for any any pain that I might others cause Mr. Parker? Are we done here?

Chris Mattei  1:22:36
The website? Are you objecting his answer? No more?

Unknown Speaker  1:22:40
Your tone I should move to strike.

Dan  1:22:42
Yeah, this is chaos.

Jordan  1:22:44
Marya? I don't like your tone, sir.

Dan  1:22:48
Yeah, I get where he's coming from. And I think a lot of the objections that are flying around, not necessarily in this clip, but throughout some of this are like things that are being said as statements. Right, you know, or at least appear to be saying being said a statement.

Jordan  1:23:02
Yeah, if I understand correctly. I mean, obviously, I don't understand correctly. But if what I think if I understand is that these depositions, the transcripts that go to the jury, if the objection is sustained, then that section is cut out. Yeah, right. Yeah. So so it's possible that the transcripts from the jury, none of this section was in what they got?

Dan  1:23:26
I would assume that most of it is Yeah, well,

Jordan  1:23:30
I mean, of course,

Dan  1:23:31
I think I don't think a lot of these objections are I think a lot of them are just sort of like, maybe

Jordan  1:23:37
that's that's kind of what I'm saying is that a lot of people have asked like, why is he still answering questions after objection? If there's no kind of thing? And it's because that's an after the fact right, the judge wouldn't, you know, everybody would determine the

Dan  1:23:48
Alex would. And there are a couple of instances where this happens. And we'll I think we'll leave in here. One or two of them were enormous, like I'm advising you not to answer. Yeah, of course. And that's when Alex doesn't answer right. Like that will that will happen, but these are sort of objections that are like the roll of the dice.

Jordan  1:24:05
I do appreciate the attempt to to bring like, oh, the lawyers tone is a problem. I appreciate that.

Dan  1:24:12
But dude, if I were if I were the lawyers on Alex's side, I totally would probably do the same thing. Objective time not I think Maddie stone is great. It's fantastic. So the question of Rob Jacobson comes up, longtime Infowars employee who testified in this case, he had a deposition about his time working there. And uh, Don Salazar had said, also under oath that Rob said, Hey, shouldn't be covering Sandy Hook, right? This stuff right? And so Aleksa has some pretty shitty things to say about Rob Jacobson.

Alex Jones  1:24:50
But it is a lie. To say that I made more than 1% of the money even in the times I whole shows I covered Sandy Hook. In fact, I got a lot lot of heat from friends and family, and folks that work to the office. And people like Paul Watson when we did cover it, and Watson threatened to quit it. We didn't stop covering it. And just a few times we did. And when did he threaten to quit? I don't remember exactly. But I mean, and

Chris Mattei  1:25:17
do you remember a conversation with Rob Jacobson, where he told you that? You shouldn't be covering Sandy Hook,

Alex Jones  1:25:25
like, in the case of Rob,

Chris Mattei  1:25:28
he is I just want to know if you remember that conversation. I

Alex Jones  1:25:31
know he's claimed that and it's the opposite. He was the guy that believes Sandy Hook was

Chris Mattei  1:25:35
he's used lying about warning you against covering Sandy Hook, man.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:41
Just just absolutely.

Chris Mattei  1:25:43
Because you know that your your employee Don Salazar acknowledged that he had a conversation with Rob Jacobs and told him that you should not be relying on how big

Alex Jones  1:25:53
I no later he but but throughout most of it, he was the one bringing up saying he thought it was staged. And then I do remember it on saying later, he thought that he also thought that David Knight was a alien reptile and had really serious breakdown. And I'm really sad for Rob and the fact he's being exploited by you guys. Just disgusting. He is seriously mentally ill in my view. The you know that you know what happened? The deposition? Very sad. All right. I mean, seriously,

Chris Mattei  1:26:25
I really, I just, I don't want to come back for a third day, if you can avoid it. But

Alex Jones  1:26:31
I've answered all your questions.

Chris Mattei  1:26:32
I think I

Norm Pattis  1:26:33
suggest a five minute break for a moment with my client pleased. And in the interest of maximizing the time today, just only five minutes, we're supposed to go to lunch anyway, no lunches at 1230. It's about 11.

Dan  1:26:45
So they end up getting cheese steaks, but I have not watched the ROB Jacobson deposition yet. I don't have that one. But hopefully, we'll be able to cover that in the future. But Alex's lawyers got sanctioned. Because of their behavior in that deposition. It was ruled to be abusive. And they were really, really shitty Alex's lawyer. Yes, yes. They were abusive, yes. And got sanctioned because of their behavior. With Rob, and I think Alex is referring to that. But as a whole, objective eyes look at that deposition as a real bad thing for Alex's case. Yeah, that sounds right. But Alex is viewing it as as we showed, we showed Yeah,

Jordan  1:27:31
that's that's an amazing, that's amazing to look at it in a glass half full way. Like that makes

Dan  1:27:37
sense. Yeah. So Alex is the real victim, when you really think about it. I don't know if that's true. What do you think about the whole Sandy Hook thing? Alex is the victim? Well, you gotta look at it through Alex's. Alright, that's a good point.

Alex Jones  1:27:50
Yeah. And and was mine being wrong about things hurtful to people? Absolutely. It was not done consciously. And I apologize for that. And I have learned that by becoming very, very famous, you know, how important it is when you do have power. And the same time I have suffered by being D platformed, demonized, threatened, attacked, for what I said about Sandy Hook, and I had been punished a lot. And that's why I'm not even I mean, this whole fiasco of a trial and, and, and all the media stuff. Is is is is, you know, to me, not gonna be cathartic for the families. And it's certainly not gonna be fun for me. But we'll make an ice HBO documentary for everybody. So that's just the way it is. Do you?

Chris Mattei  1:28:31
Um, do you feel that you are a victim of that you've been unfairly victimized as a result of the statements you've made about Sandy Hook.

Alex Jones  1:28:53
Let's just say this, I wish that I knew what I know. Now. It's been very, very retrospective for me. And I mean, I've been honest to people say like, don't tell them you were delusional. Like somebody saying, oh, reasonable insanity. I mean, I, I really believed all that stuff that I was saying, and I was wrong about that. Because so much other stuff have been proven and documented. And then you start thinking, everything's a lie. And I've explained that and, and that's the fact.

Dan  1:29:23
Alex won't own his position of it. He views himself as like the Oh, woe is me. person in this whole circumstance. I've been kicked off social media. I've been marginalized. Oh, and all these people lied to me that made me say these things. And the media tricked me with being wrong all the time. And so I thought everything was fake. And oh, look at me. What would you think of the poor Alex Jones is not only just shithead?

Jordan  1:29:50
Yeah, yeah, he was wrong on a lot of counts. But most especially it was cathartic. Turns out I think so. Yeah, I think was quite cathartic and see how he would think it wouldn't. Yeah, he's like, Well, I lost so nobody should be happy. Right. Well,

Dan  1:30:08
and his, he's required to have a position that they're not really that upset about. Yeah, that's true. So he would think that whatever catharsis would they would feel would be fake.

Jordan  1:30:18
Yeah, it's not real. Yeah. Oh, yeah. So

Dan  1:30:22
yeah, of course, he would think it wouldn't be that big a deal.

Jordan  1:30:24
I do like how you accidentally or, you know, he was like, people said, Don't say you're delusional or something, which is like, clearly, this was a conversation you had with your lawyers about how to lie to this. Can I say, what if I said, I was crazy. Do you think that would work? I believe

Dan  1:30:39
temporary insanity. It went over a couple of years. So that's gonna be tough. No heat of the moment. Yeah.

Jordan  1:30:45
It's a crime of passion. No,

Dan  1:30:50
so Megan Kelly came to interview Alex. Sure. And he, presumably and he definitely claimed this on air a number of times that he had like it the whole thing recorded. Oh, yeah. He was secretly got all of it.

Jordan  1:31:05
I remember when we covered that he made that very clear.

Dan  1:31:08
Yeah. Turns out that never was true. And there was a funny reason. Oh, it was shows

Chris Mattei  1:31:13
I want to show you a video that that you published June of 2017. And you recall that this was around the time. You did an interview with Megyn. Kelly. Yes, yes. And you had a lot of complaints about how she presented that interview. When it broadcast Correct? Yes. You thought you it was unfair to you?

Alex Jones  1:31:55
Would you? Yes. It was a lot of jump cuts. I told her I thought standing what happened she goes will tell me about the anomalies. So then it can be lucky she's denying it again. And I hope you can get that raw tape from her because she said I'm not going to talk about Sandy Hook when I come and all that stuff. And of course she was there all day long. And then for the main interview at night was all about Sandy Hook

Chris Mattei  1:32:19
down. The Have you ever seen the raw footage from that interview?

Alex Jones  1:32:24
No. And I told one of my crew to tape it on iPhone of course the course they didn't just somebody called their phone minutes into it and stopped the recording. That's the the

Chris Mattei  1:32:34
what happened to that employee?

Alex Jones  1:32:38
They're no wonder it was it was my sister. And then of course I love everybody. It's like those millions episode in my house. I feel like I'm a Despicable Me.

Dan  1:32:55
He's like the minions. Oh, boy.

Jordan  1:33:00
I just I just you know, every time you think that there's going to be just a very simple explanation for something. A foible occurs in Alex lives a permanent farce. Yeah, you know, every time he enters a door, he goes out a different room. You know

Dan  1:33:17
who screwed up that recording as my

Jordan  1:33:19
sister they're no longer it was my sister was trying to throw someone under the bus until he remembered it was his sister. Yeah,

Dan  1:33:27
probably. Also if his life is like the minions then he is a villain. Right? I believe he minions work for

Jordan  1:33:34
villains. Minions work for villains? They are canonically evil cool analogy. Yes. Anyway.

Dan  1:33:41
Remember where this came up a little bit on the on day one? The notion that the Koskoff firm or the mafia, right? Right, this comes back up what we're gonna do and norm is really wanting Alex to shut

Jordan  1:33:55
up. Yeah, that'd be nice.

Chris Mattei  1:33:56
And this is called Sandy Hook vampires exposed. You remember that? Yes. Did you title that video?

Alex Jones  1:34:04
I did

Chris Mattei  1:34:07
it by vampire. You're referring to people who you claim get energy in goodwill as a result of being associated with the tragedy, correct? Yes. And I suspect you put my law firm in that category. While you? I mean, yes. Okay. So let's go ahead. And now this was obviously before any lawsuit was filed. So you couldn't have been referring to us then. Right.

Alex Jones  1:34:37
But I mean, I think that's a fair category for you now, okay.

Chris Mattei  1:34:43
You don't dispute that the families have a right to hire a lawyer if they choose Correct.

Alex Jones  1:34:48
No, but I mean, I think I'm a you're a thoroughbred ambulance chaser. I'd call you a vampire.

Chris Mattei  1:34:53
Okay. So that's even separate from Sandy Hook just because I'm a lawyer.

Alex Jones  1:34:56
I mean, I think it's a cause called farm was known as bad as you know, I mean, like, as the mafia around here,

Chris Mattei  1:35:03
okay, so in addition to being ambulance chasers were the mafia.

Alex Jones  1:35:08
I was once told that by a member,

Chris Mattei  1:35:11
Jackson. Well, no, no, no, no, no objection. There's no answer.

Norm Pattis  1:35:15
There's a confidentiality. Confidentiality Agreement with your firm. I tried to discuss this with your use there. I'd like an opportunity to do so off the record for a moment.

Chris Mattei  1:35:22
You have a confidentiality agreement with my firm as to

Unknown Speaker  1:35:25
the source of this comment. I'd

Chris Mattei  1:35:26
like to discuss it with you. I'm not aware of any agreement.

Norm Pattis  1:35:29
I am the way it was with Josh, there was a context in which we met and agreed not to discuss things this is coming from. I'm not going to have Mr. Jones testify about an agreement he signed with your I'm an officer of the court, I'm telling you this happened. I'd like an opportunity to speak with you for one minute.

Chris Mattei  1:35:49
Or retract your testimony and claim to have heard in some sort of setting that you're worried about.

Norm Pattis  1:36:00
Enter any questions about what took place?

Jordan  1:36:04
Yeah. All right. So Norm called you guys the mafia. That is an issue.

Dan  1:36:10
May be Yeah, that could be. Oh, or conversely. Yeah. Yeah, the converse side of this is not not realistic. I don't think and Alex would know if he signed something. confidentiality. That seems like a problem. And the like, so he's saying that Josh Koskoff signed this right. Some sort of weird confidentiality. Sure. And you would think that they would know about this team on this case, and yeah, this is all bullshit. But good on you norm jumping up to and this comes back up later. Oh, of course, Norm being like, we want to strike all of this. Go to strike Eddie mentioned of the mafia stuff.

Jordan  1:37:02
You know, I think I think Chris is doing a fantastic job here. But that one moment, I really feel like I want build a tag in and just sit there and chew on a gummy worm as norm keeps being like, No, I agreed with Josh. Yeah. Oh, really? Let me call him. Yeah, let's go ahead and do that right now. Yeah.

Dan  1:37:20
So one of the other things I think Chris is really good with is being serious about unserious things like the who is a vampire. Right, this question right? So wants you to know if the judge is a vampire here.

Chris Mattei  1:37:32
Mr. Jones is the judge presiding over this case? Do you also consider her a vampire? sainthood? Objection.

Alex Jones  1:37:42
I I know that we didn't provide fraudulent financials. And I know we gave you guys everything you said we'd have nothing

Chris Mattei  1:37:48
Do you consider the judge? Presiding over this case of sanity? Vampire? Same way you consider me as any vampire?

Alex Jones  1:37:55
No, I wouldn't put it in the vampire category.

Dan  1:37:58
Okay. Do you? Probably a demon right.

Jordan  1:38:04
Yeah. What do we do it? Categories families

Chris Mattei  1:38:07
who lost loved ones at Sandy Hook. Don't have a right to seek relief through a lawyer.

Alex Jones  1:38:16
No, I think that the media and the media and the people that they're actually always hyping it up, claiming that I became successful off of it, which is not true. And while they're the ones becoming successful off of it, that they're the vampires

Chris Mattei  1:38:29
so if you did become successful off Sandy Hook, you'd consider yourself a vampire. Right?

Alex Jones  1:38:34
And I know you're misrepresenting the truth I know that it was a small part of what we did and that my opposition to Barack Obama during that period is what exploded the show

Chris Mattei  1:38:43
but if if a jury were to conclude that actually you did Garner audience and revenue as a result of your lies about Sandy Hook they could fairly conclude according to your logic that you yourself were Sandy Hook vampire objection

Unknown Speaker  1:38:55
as to before

Alex Jones  1:38:59
we were negligible revenue we've not really been able to recover almost seen it like $300 off articles or something. No, I mean that I can tell you that Sandy Hook was not a revenue generator for us. In fact, it was people a lot of our listeners didn't like it at the time was very controversial to question it. And I still did things like that just to get an eye on weather and I've explained that to

Chris Mattei  1:39:21
the audience members of yours who harassed my clients they they liked what you said and action has to perform

Alex Jones  1:39:30
there have been claims that those are my listeners and much of that some of the people that I saw on the news that did go harass some people were not my listeners even though the media said that

Dan  1:39:38
haha, No True Scotsman. I mean, no listener of mine would

Jordan  1:39:42
harass. It's been a while since I've heard a good word. I've heard a good No True Scotsman.

Dan  1:39:47
And unfortunately, Alex is a vampire.

Jordan  1:39:50
I wanted him to stop and be like,

Alex Jones  1:39:54
how did you do that?

Jordan  1:39:55
Because you made my words turned back on me and I don't I don't know how to do that

Dan  1:39:59
to people. Never since Bill made Owen Troyer admit that he's the mainstream media has a definition gone so arrived

Jordan  1:40:08
is so funny. They just don't understand how words work.

Dan  1:40:12
They do not. So Alex gets to talk in here as getting asked a question about Owens video where he defamed Neil Heslin. Right and relied on the Zero Hedge article, right. Alex doesn't seem to understand what the issue is there.

Chris Mattei  1:40:29
Now, I don't have to play the full video for you, Mr. Jones. I may just ask you some questions about it and see what you recall of the broadcast where Mr. Shroyer claimed that contrary to what Neil Hudson said during his interview with Megyn Kelly, it was not possible for him to have held his son after his son had been murdered. You recall that? Yes. Okay. Did I fairly characterize what Owens said on that video?

Alex Jones  1:40:54
He was reading a Zero Hedge article. So that's a fair characterization.

Chris Mattei  1:40:58
Okay. You think that that claim came from the Zero Hedge article?

Alex Jones  1:41:02
That's what I remember. He was reading a Zero Hedge article when he talked about AI. And, and he could have been reading something about, I dropped him off at school with a book bag picked him up in a body bag. And then people said, well, he actually wasn't picked up the body bag that day. So technically, that was hyperbole, which I was like, Yeah. And

Chris Mattei  1:41:21
I was like it was there's nothing on shores comments about a body bag at all. I asked him in another clip, and I asked you about Mr. shores claim that it was not possible for Mr. Heslin to have held his son in his arms after son was murdered. Do you recall him saying

Alex Jones  1:41:41
objection? In the context of the body backstory,

Chris Mattei  1:41:46
okay, well, let's just play it. Let's just play through.

Dan  1:41:48
So Alex seems to be wanting to make the point like, or the argument that it was exaggeration. Oh, and was accusing them of exaggeration that to the issue. Of course, it wasn't technically a body bag. That's the whole thing, really just trying to clear up the record. I

Jordan  1:42:03
just gotta make sure everybody knows this is all a big misunderstanding.

Dan  1:42:07
That's very weird. Because if that's Alex's understanding, it can't possibly be Oh, no, no, it may be is something that sounds like maybe this will make us sound less malicious.

Jordan  1:42:17
I'll call it the Zero Hedge article. I won't say that it doesn't matter what he was reading, because he said things that weren't true and weren't in the article. So

Dan  1:42:26
that so they play some of this. And then it comes up that app shortly after this, this video that Owen made got taken off YouTube, right was a strike on it. Right. And Alex is asked whether or not that freaked him out. Oh, and that's a specific language that maybe should be assigned for

Jordan  1:42:46
lawyer says, did that freak you out? Do you think the lawyer says Oh, at freaked me out all the

Dan  1:42:53
time? That's not gonna be in his vernacular. No.

Chris Mattei  1:42:56
Now on July 20 of 2017. So, a little over three weeks from Owens broadcast there. You recall that YouTube removed that video?

Alex Jones  1:43:12
I believe we talked about this earlier. You refresh my memory of it.

Chris Mattei  1:43:16
Okay. And that freak you out. Right? Objection? No. Okay. You were perfectly you know, by it. Okay, but you know, you weren't freaked out.

Alex Jones  1:43:29
I might have been I don't remember. Okay.

Chris Mattei  1:43:31
Well, why don't we pull up exhibit number 107. I will represent you Mr. Jones, that this has been produced to us as a text message exchange between Raju and Miko, hasta. And that Nico, on July 20. texts. Mr. Do AJ freaking out about the YouTube stream? Try it strike. What's your ETA to the office? You see that? No. Okay. Does that refresh your memory about what your reaction was to this?

Alex Jones  1:44:09
No, I just know I told people not talking about Sandy. I'm sure I didn't say what the hell are you doing?

Chris Mattei  1:44:14
Oh, you think you were upset about oh, in publishing that video?

Alex Jones  1:44:19
I'm telling I don't remember. But I know I didn't want people covering I told you that.

Chris Mattei  1:44:23
Mr. Jones. Do you know that you rebroadcast personally wins broadcast that YouTube is struck? Angry right, objection.

Alex Jones  1:44:40
I don't remember. I don't know what you're talking about. No, yeah.

Dan  1:44:42
I can't know what your I can't know what you're talking about. This is. Yeah, there's really no answer for me to hear.

Jordan  1:44:47
I vividly remember so many Mr. Magoo cartoons, because of the manner in which it was almost a Rube Goldberg that wasn't working, you know, everything he wandered through without being hit by anything. Yeah. What if he was dead and just got beaten by sticks for

Dan  1:45:04
hours this mighty I'd like to introduce you to my lovely wife my coat right? Yes, exactly. What in hell is going on my only Mr. Magoo, Joe. Yeah, he's married to Okay.

Jordan  1:45:14
Well, I can't see very well. That's right. That's kind of the thing. So the Las Vegas

Dan  1:45:17
shooting comes up. Now, strap it in. Oh boy, Alex says a conspiracy. Oh, God, no, the

Chris Mattei  1:45:26
Las Vegas shooting was the deadliest mass shooting in US history. Correct. You know, there wasn't. I'm not sure if it was your call it 60 people were killed by do 111 wounded initially.

Alex Jones  1:45:41
I don't have the numbers from a

Chris Mattei  1:45:43
massive death, right. Jerusha.

Alex Jones  1:45:51
That's terrible. Yes.

Chris Mattei  1:45:54
And on that day, just as you done with Sandy Hook, you indicated that it was staged by the government. Correct? Objection.

Alex Jones  1:46:07
Yes, that day before it happened. I said right. At the end of my show, I said they'll probably attack rock concert or something. Very soon. I said, I said HubSpot like 10 o'clock at night or something like that did say before that day.

Chris Mattei  1:46:23
You said before the shooting even happened. You told your audience that they'd likely attack a rock concert or who would likely attack a rock concert?

Alex Jones  1:46:31
The the the globalist.

Unknown Speaker  1:46:33
Say it predicted.

Alex Jones  1:46:35
I remember was it was a Sunday show. You guys can find that if you want to run to the show.

Chris Mattei  1:46:39
But your testimony is you. You predicted it would happen? Yes. Yes. Okay. And then because you had predicted it, you knew that it was actually staged by the American government, correct?

Alex Jones  1:46:55
Well, no criminal elements working in with one or the other Saudi factions of civil

Chris Mattei  1:47:00
war, criminal elements in the American government, criminal,

Alex Jones  1:47:03
almost American government. We're working with the Saudi Arabian faction in Saudi Arabia,

Chris Mattei  1:47:09
in which department? I'm sorry, American government?

Alex Jones  1:47:15
Well, I mean, obviously, the some elements of the CIA are different factions. And I'm sorry, some of those organizations, and they had the

Chris Mattei  1:47:24
organizations within the CIA. Yes. Which one

Alex Jones  1:47:27
was allotted for factions? Of different clandestine splinter groups? What are they? All those type of groups don't have names.

Chris Mattei  1:47:40
splinter groups within the CIA. You know that they were involved in staging the murder of 60 people at a concert in Las Vegas 60 of 60. Americans? Yes, I

Unknown Speaker  1:47:56
mean, for what purpose? Did they do that?

Alex Jones  1:47:59
It was a way to embarrass Trump and to do a test and into and that's why Trump basically launched a covert US invasion with South Saudi allies on the second what, and then took out the government and then put the new government in and took out the Saudi government took out the large faction that was involved. Yes.

Chris Mattei  1:48:21
And he did that in response to it, by the way did and your source for this is what No.

Alex Jones  1:48:29
I mean, this was this. A lot of this came out in pieces, the news, also people involved.

Chris Mattei  1:48:33
So I know that was involved. Well, that's, that's

Alex Jones  1:48:35
immediate of sources and things like that. Who is the source for you in this? You can't give up sources and I in the journalistic capacity to journalists, if you weren't journalist my sources?

Chris Mattei  1:48:49
Well, okay, I guess we're gonna have to move to compel you to disclose for scores for this horrible crime committed by the United States government that you described,

Alex Jones  1:49:04
well, pieces of information that I then came to that conclusion. Yes. Okay. Well, we'll

Chris Mattei  1:49:08
move to compel that

Dan  1:49:09
there's, there's not going to be an

Jordan  1:49:12
I'm going to be I'm going to

Dan  1:49:14
tell you, you're going to be so the what's going on here is that Alex is combining the Las Vegas shooting and when MBS took power, Saudi Arabia when he held people that the Ritz Carlton named Yeah, there was that purge in the in the government. So Alex has turned the Las Vegas shooting into a prelude to that. And then Trump orchestrated, I guess, a regime change in Saudi Arabia. So I mean, as somebody who has Alex's political set and his beliefs, he's should be totally cool with that. He should be totally fine with Trump secretly installing a different government share in a sovereign country. Yeah. He's into that kind of thing regime change or what have you. Yeah. And it's worked out really well for the like things that Alex values in a free society. Totally, totally. So it all was for the good. Yeah, like Yes.

Jordan  1:50:13
I don't know if I can get over some of the these groups have no names. Yeah, that delivery of salt. That is maybe the best way to answer that question. There's no other answer, because you're either gonna make up a name great, or you're just gonna say, I don't know, but coming in with, they have no names like fucking Batman, why would You're a fool? You're an idiot, sir. You are the fool yourself.

Dan  1:50:41
sound dumb. Ask for name.

Jordan  1:50:45
Trump installed a new Saudi regime because he was practicing to do die. I

Dan  1:50:50
know that I've heard Alex say some of that stuff, like on his show, and what have you, but it's weird to hear it in deposition. It

Jordan  1:50:57
feels like he really thinks that's how it happened. That is a thing. He believed

Dan  1:51:03
his tone has like more of a like, I think you're actually saying this. Yeah, yeah. Then a lot of his other client.

Jordan  1:51:09
He's on comfortable ground. And he's saying

Dan  1:51:13
it has the tone that he feels proud that he

Jordan  1:51:16
knows he knows this when other people don't? Yeah. Poor guy. Yeah.

Dan  1:51:20
So he, the topic of pizza gate comes up. Sure. And Alex discusses this a tiny bit, and then is a little bit wishy washy about whether or not that shooting actually even happened. All right. Are you familiar

Chris Mattei  1:51:32
with a gentleman named Edgar Maddison? Welch? No. Would it refresh your recollection? If I told you that? That's the gentleman who opened fire on pizzeria in Washington DC.

Alex Jones  1:51:50
If you said that was his name?

Chris Mattei  1:51:53
Well, you covered that fairly extensively, didn't you? Yes. And you had broadcasts over many show shows your claim that a restaurant called Comet Ping Pong in Washington DC, was actually being used by high level Democrats as a site for sexual trafficking of children. Correct.

Alex Jones  1:52:25
I covered the news covering it was nowhere near creating that story.

Chris Mattei  1:52:30
Did you ever assert to your audience that that was in fact true that the Comet Ping Pong was in fact being used as a location for child sex trafficking?

Alex Jones  1:52:42
No, I did talk about some of the people there, like Tony Podesta, and others that are well known for their their tastes and things.

Chris Mattei  1:52:56
And how was the restaurant connected to that?

Alex Jones  1:53:00
They did fundraisers there, there was a lot of art, weird things, but there was also stories that weren't true about basements and all the rest of that stuff. And we picked up and covered some of those stories were first on 4chan hn, and picked up by the mainstream news. We then debated and covered whether debated that was true or not and wild. And that's what happened.

Chris Mattei  1:53:21
Whether what was true.

Alex Jones  1:53:24
Whether or not that that place was being used for the child trafficking, that is discussed in the WikiLeaks,

Chris Mattei  1:53:31
in your testimony is that you never stated that it was in fact being used for that purpose.

Alex Jones  1:53:39
We did reports on it and

Chris Mattei  1:53:41
I did reports on it, but I'm just asking you, I'm just asking you what your what your testimony is. Are you testifying today that you never asserted on your show that the Comet Ping Pong was a child sex trafficking location?

Alex Jones  1:53:57
I never said from under myself that that that was certainly happening. Okay. Wow.

Chris Mattei  1:54:02
You said amazing. When you say you never said it was certainly happening. Did you ever say it was happening? Not to my memory. Okay. But, um, gentleman named Edgar Madison Welsh went and shot off that pizzeria Correct.

Alex Jones  1:54:19
That's what we're told.

Chris Mattei  1:54:21
And you you have doubts about that.

Alex Jones  1:54:27
I'll just use a shot up.

Chris Mattei  1:54:28
I mean, he opened fire in the pizzeria. Do you agree that was he like shot? No, I know. I'm shot.

Alex Jones  1:54:35
I think don't think he like shot into doors a wall.

Chris Mattei  1:54:39
Okay. So you agree that he shot into the restaurant? He went into the

Alex Jones  1:54:43
restaurant reportedly and opened

Chris Mattei  1:54:44
fire? Yes. That's, that's what I heard. Okay. And you believe that to be true?

Alex Jones  1:54:50
I don't. You know,

Dan  1:54:52
it's very bizarre. That's a That's a strange level of just knee jerk.

Jordan  1:55:01
Yeah, that's that one's just complete. Like,

Dan  1:55:03
I just refuse to agree with you on principle. Yeah, it's defiance for its own sake. Yeah.

Jordan  1:55:09
I'm Alex Jones. I'm not just gonna say this happen. Okay. You're gonna need to really fight me before I will just be like, yes. Yeah, I've

Dan  1:55:16
walked into too many rakes today. Stand up a little. Yeah. So no, that didn't happen.

Jordan  1:55:23
Yeah, you know, it interests me. It interests me what he said debates is because I do feel like, the more I hear them continually talk about it, the more I think that they believe they were having debates, not on the show, but they believe their show is in conversation with the rest of the mainstream media.

Dan  1:55:44
That's interesting. You know what I'm saying? I, I wonder if you're overriding it. That is an interesting way to look at it from an outside perspective. Yeah. That that is an argument that he could make sure it would be bad for him still not a good idea. No, if he viewed himself as being in debate with the mainstream media, or what are his perception of the mainstream media, then that's fine. But

Jordan  1:56:13
it doesn't excuse or absolve him of his his actions even in the slightest.

Dan  1:56:17
No. And it also is really surreal to have like his him saying that, like I was reporting on things that 4chan and eight chan were saying that the mainstream media reported on well, you just reporting on things. Unfortunately, you're not like, The New York Times was using 4chan as a source.

Jordan  1:56:36
Now they tend to not do that. They try not to do that. It's usually a good idea.

Dan  1:56:41
But that is his perception of like, the mainstream media. Yeah, I guess. Yeah. So distortive. Yeah,

Jordan  1:56:46
it is a fascinating thing to me, because he really does you know, it normally it wouldn't make sense. But I do think he thinks he's talking to the TV. He makes Oh, he thinks he's talking to him. Well, that's your know what you are correct. Well,

Dan  1:57:00
but here's the thing, I think that you have an interesting, like, sort of textual analysis

Jordan  1:57:07
of dude, a historians Java.

Dan  1:57:09
Yeah. I don't think that's how Alex is expressing it. I think he's really just trying to evade responsibility for the things he's saying by pretending that they were just talking about, right. Is this possible? Yeah.

Jordan  1:57:21
And I'm sure he's trying to think of more like, you know, we had climate debates where we had an expert who said this and then we said this, you know,

Dan  1:57:29
it's kind of just the standard evasion, right? Of like, we just listened to all sides right now.

Jordan  1:57:37
I'm trying to get deeper inside their brain.

Dan  1:57:40
Can you believe that people shit on us for having these conversations are so important. Joe Rogan talking to Matt Walsh,

Jordan  1:57:47
you just leave out the part where there's other ideas, right? To use, or

Dan  1:57:51
they're mean, they're so tired,

Jordan  1:57:53
we lose debates. So we have debates without the other side. Yeah, that's the way we do it.

Dan  1:57:57
So really interesting, that line of discussion comes up and that is whether or not Alex's audience should trust him. And I agree with Alex here.

Chris Mattei  1:58:07
I want to just see if you can answer this one question before we take a break. You want your audience to trust you right?

Alex Jones  1:58:21
You know, I just get up there and say what I think I really actually don't try to get people to love me or hate me or any of that. I just don't

Chris Mattei  1:58:29
get them to trust you. Objection.

Alex Jones  1:58:33
Now I'm gonna creeper van right to get people to trust me. I'm just I'm just out there. Firing all my guns that wants to try to explode into space. Wow.

Chris Mattei  1:58:45
So you don't care? Your audience trust your objection.

Alex Jones  1:58:50
No, I really don't. I really just tried to be truthful. And just try to put some of what I do is, is having fun. So a bit satire, smoke news, some of its punditry, some of its anger and rage. I mean, it's just real.

Chris Mattei  1:59:06
So if so, I guess then. Should your audience trust you? Or should they not trust you?

Unknown Speaker  1:59:16
Sorry, objection.

Alex Jones  1:59:18
I think the audience should trust God. No, I don't think you should trust me. I think my audience should research everything I say, because I'm trying to tell the truth. But I'm a little crazy.

Dan  1:59:29
I think that his audience shouldn't trust him. Yeah, I agree. Yeah. I mean, during simple, yeah. Now, this introduces an interesting problem for Alex does. And so when you ask, you know, this is just a great question for the lawyer to be asking, right? Should your audience trust you? And if you say, yes, they should trust me then now that you're telling them that these people are actors, and you know, they should just take you at your word at this. You're misleading people and but if you say no, then it becomes a thing. Well, you were saying these people are actors, if they don't trust you, but you want them to look into this stuff, where does that lead us? And so Alex just starts ranting and dodging because he realizes he's, he's fun.

Jordan  2:00:13
He's in a truck. And he got trapped by words,

Alex Jones  2:00:15
in general, like Ron Reagan said, Trust, but verify,

Chris Mattei  2:00:18
right? So go, go verify what I'm saying is what you mean. When you say go, let's investigate.

Alex Jones  2:00:23
I wasn't consciously trying to say that, you know, somebody should go be mean to somebody. But that was even really directing people to a specific place. And that's all part of your, your, your narrative. What would

Chris Mattei  2:00:35
you say? Let's investigate Sandy Hook, you are in telling them.

Alex Jones  2:00:40
More people already investigating on Sanyo? Obviously, counsel, asked for documents. That's your right. That's what transparency is all about. And

Chris Mattei  2:00:46
some of those people ended up believing you that my clients were crisis actors, and they wanted to unmask them for being involved in a hoax, right?

Alex Jones  2:00:56
I mean, there's been a lot of examples of stuff you guys have said about me in the news that I know is not true. And it's meant to make people hate me. And if some crazy person shoots me, is it going to be the fault of you guys? And no, it's not going to be. That's that person in their actions. It's up to them. It's an authoritarian system, where your neighbor does something wrong. So you go to jail to, or Oh, the Democrats are all over here talking about mostly peaceful protests, go out and confront people. If Trump wins, we're not going to accept it. And then when Republicans do it, it's the worst thing ever. But Democrats, that's the whole thing about what you don't get it. Everyone knows I've got problems. people tune in, because they know it's a train wreck sometimes, but it's real. And they know I've got problems. And I get delusional, just like they do just like the left does. None of us are perfect. We're

Chris Mattei  2:01:42
the people you listen to you damn problems, too, right? Yeah, they're crazy, too. And they're not sanctimonious, like the left, and they're crazy to what is a woman and they're losing to right, Mr. Jones,

Alex Jones  2:01:52
a woman is a biological female of the mammal species. Look at the camera. No, because because it's like, you can't even say what a woman is. And you're telling me that you're not crazy. You know, what,

Chris Mattei  2:02:01
what about what you're doing right now? Instead of answering the

Unknown Speaker  2:02:08
question, Mr. Jones answered the question, thank you,

Unknown Speaker  2:02:11
Mr. Pass,

Dan  2:02:13
this all spiraled out of control, because Alex realizes that no matter where you go with the question of trust, especially when he was saying, trust, but verify these things, no matter what angle he takes, he's fucked. It leads down a road where the lawyer is going to have him pinned down on something he does not want to be involved in. So he starts throwing around the what is a woman thing? You know, because that is meant to elicit an emotional response in the person that he's talking to? And generally, he can get out of any of these tight situations with that shiny key. Yeah. And it just doesn't work.

Jordan  2:02:48
Yeah, I mean, it, he might as well have screamed free Charles Manson. Like it is like, Well, I told somebody to do something, and then they did it. That's not my fault.

Dan  2:02:59
Well, by some logic,

Jordan  2:03:01
I mean, it. He's, it is so funny, because he does suddenly realize like, Oh, if they trust me, I said that they weren't real. They were crisis actors. And then they went and behaved that way. And if they didn't trust me, they went to investigate, because I told them that they were crisis actor. And I told people that we should look into this. And you said, we have to, if trust but verify. How do you verify that exactly?

Dan  2:03:26
Screwed? Yep. So they take a break. And turns out that Alec shot a little video during the break.

Jordan  2:03:33
He can't stop themselves needs

Dan  2:03:34
to get some feeling bad, you know, like he's having a bad time in there. So he poured something that I get when he gets to yell. Yeah.

Chris Mattei  2:03:42
I understand that. During the lunch break, you made another video to be broadcast over your website about your deposition. Correct? No. Sorry. What? Did you make another video? No. Okay. Did you give an interview to the press? Yes. And during that interview with the press, you stated that the plaintiffs had asked that your deposition be designated confidential. Correct.

Alex Jones  2:04:13
I just said I wasn't I'm talking about the deposition.

Chris Mattei  2:04:17
Just listening to the interview. And am I correct that you said that the plaintiffs had asked that your deposition be marked confidential.

Alex Jones  2:04:25
I just know you guys had asked for depositions to be confidential. I've been told that before. We're not talking about depositions. Now you want to public

Chris Mattei  2:04:34
I haven't designated your deposition confidentially. Well, we

Alex Jones  2:04:37
want to confidential just like you did.

Chris Mattei  2:04:40
Well, Mr. Jones, you can talk about that with your lawyer. Why do you want the deposition to be confidential?

Alex Jones  2:04:46
I know you guys want to take snippets out of it part of your carpet bombing campaign to bias any jury and I'd like to present a trial or if you're gonna do like Banksy has done in Texas. I'm sure you will release it. So like pieces of it.

Chris Mattei  2:05:00
Well, why don't Didn't Mr. Bankston publish your entire deposition? Is

Alex Jones  2:05:06
not not what they put on YouTube, they put up edited versions.

Chris Mattei  2:05:10
Well, Mr. Jones yesterday, you discussed your deposition to your audience, right.

Alex Jones  2:05:19
I mean, I discussed the fact that you were like denying there's a new world order. Okay.

Chris Mattei  2:05:27
You've been claiming to your audience for years that this litigation is part of an effort to silence you, correct? Yes. Okay. But when you have an opportunity to give testimony in the case to defend yourself, you want to keep that confidential, right.

Alex Jones  2:05:43
I mean, I think I mean, I think the better if it was capital trial. I mean, we can ask, you know, the judge about that side issue, maybe?

Dan  2:05:53
Also, I think Alex is talking about us.

Jordan  2:05:54
Yeah, totally. 100%. That was us. Yeah. But clips are the only it's just us.

Dan  2:06:03
Boy. So Alex quoted heavily from a piece about himself in Rolling Stone, for his bio, right. And so this comes up, as Maddie is reading out Alex's bio. And there's something else in that Rolling Stone article that may be Alex should not know about

Chris Mattei  2:06:27
it. So you obviously read that Rolling Stone article?

Alex Jones  2:06:29
I didn't know that reminded Yes, sorry.

Chris Mattei  2:06:31
And so you're aware that that article also described a gentleman named Byron Williams, who was arrested following a gun battle with California police, and was a avid listener of yours. Do you recall that?

Alex Jones  2:06:49
I don't remember that.

Chris Mattei  2:06:52
So you don't remember that the article described Mr. Williams, as a devotee of yours, who was arrested when he was on his way to shoot up an organization called the Tides Foundation.

Alex Jones  2:07:02
Can I read about that? Can I say? Well,

Chris Mattei  2:07:05
that's this is do you have that on your website? You probably wouldn't have featured a fan of yours is going to shoot up. The Tides Foundation, would you? Objection?

Alex Jones  2:07:19
I don't see that part.

Chris Mattei  2:07:21
Yeah, no, no, it's not on your website.

Alex Jones  2:07:23
I'm saying Can you can you show me the quotes what you're talking about?

Chris Mattei  2:07:25
I don't have the article as an exhibit. No, I'm saying you don't remember that part of the article.

Alex Jones  2:07:30
Now the shirking what you're saying, I'm just the Tides Foundation. Now the big thing I was covering that's what

Dan  2:07:37
it was more of a Glenn Beck thing. Actually, Alex is right. And that's such an amazing memory. He has to be able to recall so easily that Glenn Beck was the one who is obsessed with the Tides Foundation. He is bad at this. Alex isn't totally off the hook though, because his conspiracy stuff feeds into backs and backs whole thing about the Tides Foundation traced back to just being another Soros puppet master narrative, right. So it's all basically the same shit with slightly different labels. Byron Williams was also a reader of Infowars. In his jailhouse confession, he said, quote, I'm actually mad at Fox, I'm mad at them, because they go on to something else. It's like they drop the issue, and it lands on a shelf somewhere to collect dust. And that's what's happening to the truth. It's going out and collecting dust. I say, you're not going to let these people get away with this stuff. You can't let them get away with it. So this was my action because of foxes neglect. This isn't an insane perspective. This is the logical endpoint of the narratives that people like Alex and Beck disseminate. This guy is expressing an understandable disappointment that these people who claim to have uncovered the truth in these grand conspiracies, they just move on to some other topic, and they never actually do anything. Seems weird, doesn't it? Obviously, it's not rational to shoot up a foundation. But it makes total sense for someone who believes in someone like Alex or beck to get to the point where they've had enough with the inaction. Why isn't anybody doing anything? It's that tension state. Yeah, that Alex and Glenn Beck's propaganda is meant to keep people totally. And some people will inevitably break under that, that that amount of tension, right. It's designed, that's a feature,

Jordan  2:09:14
you're essentially telling me that the only way to save the world is to do something and then the next day, you're moving on to a different thing. Yeah. How is that possible? Yeah. And it's like we will Yeah, he's, the problem is he's making rational choices within a framework of insanity. Yeah. You know,

Dan  2:09:32
well, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So Maddie brings up Matthew Mills, the guy who Alex had on his show, and then ended up harassing people at the Soto family Memorial run. And here's a clip of Alex failing to answer if he knew that Matthew Mills was a listener of his show.

Alex Jones  2:09:51
I mean, I don't remember all the details. I remember having an eye on that got a Super Bowl. But when

Chris Mattei  2:09:55
you said though, he's a listener of the transmission.

Alex Jones  2:09:57
He must have told us that I'm guessing Almost speculating.

Chris Mattei  2:10:01
That's what you meant, though. You said that he was a listener. I

Alex Jones  2:10:04
don't remember this. I remember vague amounts of it's odd to see it

Chris Mattei  2:10:07
well. Shows are you doodling? Well, I'm asking you questions.

Alex Jones  2:10:11
I am what you know,

Chris Mattei  2:10:12
I don't want to see it. I'd like you to just

Alex Jones  2:10:14
pay attention to my questions. It's just I'm relaxing with CJ.

Chris Mattei  2:10:17
I get the feeling that you're not taking this very seriously, if you're doodling throughout the

Unknown Speaker  2:10:21
inspection contest.

Alex Jones  2:10:24
I'm doing this just to relax. Okay, it doesn't take much brainpower to doodle.

Chris Mattei  2:10:28
Okay. Well, I'd like you to focus more planning your brainpower to telling me what you meant when you said he is a listener of the transmission doesn't

Dan  2:10:36
take much brainpower to doodle?

Jordan  2:10:38
I mean, honestly, in my in my understanding, I think it is him being he's better able to answer your questions. I think if he is doodling at the same

Dan  2:10:48
time, right? Like if he had his blanket? Yeah,

Jordan  2:10:50
absolutely. He's, he's a child. Yeah. 100%.

Dan  2:10:54
And might think about, like, some of this other stuff, too. I I've been I don't really know how to articulate it exactly. But there's this trend that I see where it's so much stuff is about, like, they say we're bad people, or I didn't say to be mean to him. Yeah, the articulation and the way that Alex labels people as good people, bad people, harassing victims families is being mean to them. Yep. It's a very childish prism that he looks through. I don't exactly know, I don't know how to phrase it any better than that, or give any more depth to it. But it's, it's pretty consistent. This doodling is just just another amped up version of it.

Jordan  2:11:35
No, I really, I really think if you had like a, you know, the pediatrics, who like have the stages of growth, you know, like zero to two, this is about right, the 98th percentile in scores from sixth to eighth or something like that. You could clap, you could slot Alex into the six to eight. Easy,

Dan  2:11:55
I think an argument could be made. Yeah. So we get to a period where Alex is being made to read things. And how's it go? It's actually reads better than you would have expected. Oh, that's nice. But this is going to be there's a little bit of like, some stuff that's kind of amusing. And then this will lead into something that is pretty tough. Yeah. And I'll give a warning before we get to that. But just so you know, there. There's going to be an extended stretch where Alex is reading from the first responder EMTs report. Oh, man, I normally probably wouldn't put it in. But I think that there is a value to it. I'll explain that when we get closer to it. Right. But for now, Alex is made to read a comment from his website, which he understandably does not want it Yeah, I

Jordan  2:12:43
imagine.

Chris Mattei  2:12:44
You see the comment left by bus to Speaker 2.0 Yes. Okay. Can you read that for me? Please?

Alex Jones  2:12:53
You want me to read random comments on the internet now? So it's in my voice for HBO?

Chris Mattei  2:12:57
Well, it's not a random come on the internet. It's a common one your website?

Alex Jones  2:13:01
But I mean, you could go to YouTube and find stuff like this right now. Do I need to read this knows how this works? Like I'll do like public stuff.

Norm Pattis  2:13:12
I can the rules and objections is I can only Object to the form of a question. I would say the document speaks for itself. Is it necessary that you read it aloud?

Alex Jones  2:13:23
But I mean, this is somebody why do you want me to say bad things somebody in a random comments. That's not that's that's just dirty.

Chris Mattei  2:13:29
Can you read it? Can you but I'm not the witness.

Dan  2:13:34
Can you read it? You read it? Yeah, so Alex goes on to read it. And listen to the This is amazing. Okay.

Alex Jones  2:13:43
Sandy hooks two year anniversary, commemorative postings marry hoax most new town residents. Number two hope all your hoax perps are really enjoying your hoax must give houses remember Alex Jones did not read this when I got it for HBO. Number three found no yet Lynnie trying using Kevin for your search to probably start HBO show with this founding moment yet? Lynnie trying using Kevin for your search engine name hint he's not at how Biggs for also help all your analysts round the round walkers have found your way home. And number five brought Emily a new dress yet, Robbie. Good. I didn't write this or say this.

Dan  2:14:23
This is not me. This idea that, you know it was the same thing in the first day of depositions when he wouldn't say people's names, presumably because he thought they would edit it or some reality that was covering for him not knowing anybody's name right. And this time, it does feel like he is like, they're going to make me say these things and then this will be a sizzle reel totally. Which is bizarre. It

Jordan  2:14:49
is it is indicative of how he would have you know, like he's telling you, this is what I would do to you 100% Like it's insane as my business model. I mean, you Yeah, he's like, this is the way it's done. How do I know that? I do it? That's what he's that's what he's doing. He's like, You don't understand the business. Right? Yeah.

Dan  2:15:10
And I would deserve it because of the tiny clip of Robbie Parker that I showed over and over again. Yep. Yeah, that's probably part of his mental process. Yep. So here's where we're gonna get to the the difficult part. If you have a, you know, sensitivity about graphic depictions or imagery about the aftermath of the shooting? Yeah, go ahead and skip forward. I don't know, maybe 20 minutes. All right. It's, this is a long clip, okay. But there's a reason because something happens throughout it that I think is critical to keep track of and understand. And that is the, as Alex is reading this, pay attention, because you can see him trying to come up with conspiracies, as he's reading the EMTs report. It's fascinating. But also really the juxtaposition of his of Alex's voice reading this is really dark and grotesque. Yeah. And there's another added element of like, it's really difficult to escape from the awareness of like, this is what he lies about. Yeah, you know, like hearing these details and just recognizing that this is the man who would take an event like this, and and lie about it is just really dark. So anyway, skip ahead, if you need to, I'm gonna

Jordan  2:16:30
go ahead and go to the bathroom, okay. For this external I

Chris Mattei  2:16:34
want you to read beginning with this paragraph, I do not recall this is page four of eight.

Alex Jones  2:16:48
I do not recall if we regroup before proceeding. I did not recall that we were before proceeding but my next memory is entering room eight, and it should move the right counterclockwise did not see anything getting some distance around the room, or direction, move down an aisle on the south interior of the room. As it it's observed. The bodies of two adult females lie on the floor. There's the west side of the room, there was an open partially open door, Silas corner of the room. I initially thought this was closet approach door I was initially unable to comprehend when I was looking at starting disbelief or recognize the face a little boy on top of pile a little boy was faced up was looking at a profile of the left side of his face, the top of his head to the west. I don't recall the position of the body and then began to realize that there was other children around a little boy was actually a pile of dead children. I was able to recall specific images but I recall many hand horrific injuries. Other than the two dead adult females, there was no obvious signs of blood or tissue around the room. My first impressions was the children had been killed elsewhere and hid in the bathroom. The face a little boy was the only specific image that I got in the room. I recall my axes first. As I recall, it was blacked out. So exited the room and also that my handgun was altered the time said

Chris Mattei  2:18:15
I want you to read it.

Alex Jones  2:18:19
That's how sounds weird. No, no blood. Wow. So stepping out of room eight, I observed the rooms in the East were being evacuated. There were police officers both directions, I decided that my services were basically not worked EMS capacity. Others were to clear the building. I have an accurate EMS rescue Association helps to read EMT. And during two years

Chris Mattei  2:18:44
you read this when this report came out in late 2013, correct objection.

Alex Jones  2:18:52
I think I even Yeah, that's pretty weird that there was no see blood. Because if I'd have done a lot of hunting gear and stuff, like mammals, the same thing, you know, somewhere, we have a lot of that was the interesting part there at the top. Again, I'm not saying this reports even fraudulent just with wires. One of the head guys the FBI Crime Lab saying that they you people were just basically framing 1000s of people. That's where more of the you know, a lot of the confidence is lost to government reports. That's why it's normal to question.

Chris Mattei  2:19:24
You're saying that. You you read this at the time in question.

Alex Jones  2:19:30
I don't remember I remember saying that.

Chris Mattei  2:19:33
That you read this report of Bill perio at the time. And it caused you to suspect that this was further evidence of there being a hoax because he did not report the presence of blood.

Alex Jones  2:19:53
Can I read that again? Please?

Chris Mattei  2:19:54
No, I'm asking the question.

Alex Jones  2:19:56
I didn't read again. I thought that was just interesting. Okay, well

Chris Mattei  2:19:59
you just testified just now, as you were reading this, that isn't that weird. And you said that

Unknown Speaker  2:20:10
you were surprised. He was surprised.

Chris Mattei  2:20:13
You're saying that in what you just read? Certain Kerio said that he was surprised about what?

Alex Jones  2:20:21
I'd have to look at it again, I can't remember everything in my rib. I can't see it again.

Chris Mattei  2:20:34
He says, I am unable to recall specific images. But I recall that many had horrific injuries Correct. Other than the two adult, the two dead adult females, there was no obvious signs of blood or tissue around the room. And my first impression was that the children had been killed elsewhere and hidden in the bathroom. So he says other than where the two adult females were eating, see blood in that area? Correct. Do you know where the children were found? I think it's. And that's where you'd expect. Are you suggesting here and reading this? Are you still trying to maintain for some reason that you think this report is further evidence of suspicion? Because you think that Sergeant curio didn't adequately describe the presence of blood? Is that what you're doing?

Alex Jones  2:21:31
He said he was surprised. And that's what a lot of people I remember that got discussed vaguely that that that a lot of people sort of hit with their work. I don't remember. He said he was surprised. I'm sorry. I'm surprised to

Chris Mattei  2:21:46
surprise it. What?

Alex Jones  2:21:49
I mean, if people have giant bullet holes and unders, boy, they're killed there. There's blood all over the place. And maybe there is I'm not all I'm saying is that's the kind of stuff people cherry pick. And that's what gets in people's heads was being honest.

Chris Mattei  2:22:02
Were you being honest, when you read this, that Sergeant curio was an EMT, and was working as an EMT in the building? When after you claimed that there were no EMTs and buildings that honest objection?

Alex Jones  2:22:18
I'm just I'm confused. I was going off earlier reports when people said, I'm just saying that's very interesting. And he was surprised, Mr.

Chris Mattei  2:22:23
Jones, you said in 2017, that no EMTs were allowed in the building. Right? You agree with me that clearly there were a direction.

Alex Jones  2:22:32
He was surprised by why the children looked like they had been placed their

Chris Mattei  2:22:38
surgeon carrier was surprised if the children had been placed there. And

Alex Jones  2:22:40
he said it looked like he thought someone had placed on there.

Chris Mattei  2:22:46
No, we said, Mr. Jones, that his first impression was that the children had been killed killed elsewhere.

Alex Jones  2:22:53
That would mean delays that will be placed there. If they were killed elsewhere, they'd have to be placed there.

Norm Pattis  2:23:01
Anywhere objection, I'm just trying to think this is we're tired. And we're

Chris Mattei  2:23:05
no no, no, no, this this can stay. I'm not tired.

Unknown Speaker  2:23:08
I move to strike.

Alex Jones  2:23:10
I mean, I'm just trying to answer your questions. But again, here.

Dan  2:23:16
Alex, is just constantly trying to find ways to rationalize his actions. Yeah, he's fine. He's finding something that he thinks looks like a one of his quote, unquote, anomalies in here that he can use to be as the basis of like, well, this is why it's reasonable for me to have done the bullshit that I've done. And I don't understand how somebody can, like hear this description, much less be reading it. And that is where their brain is. Now.

Jordan  2:23:49
I mean, days terrified, sounded to me. Like when he heard when he read, there was no blood. He was like, I wish I had known that. Right. That would have been really good for my back in the day that would have fucking killed as a conspiracy about this stuff. If only I had done any part of my job.

Dan  2:24:09
Yeah, this is the this is the disgusting version of that his brain never stops trying to find his angle. It's It's so clear, like you can you can, you can feel him thinking.

Jordan  2:24:22
Yeah. Oh, yeah. Absolutely. Oh, and not just that, but it is is so much like, He is revealing that he didn't read this. Yes. You know, and by doing that, well involves reading, of course, but it is it is just like you shouldn't you should have read this. And it's a roof. It's a revelation that he knows well, it looking into the reality of something is bad for business. Sure.

Dan  2:24:51
I'm like, it's the same thing earlier. I wasn't paying attention, right. It's, I didn't care. I'm just I cared enough. To talk shit, I didn't care enough to read this.

Jordan  2:25:02
Why is anyone holding me responsible for talking shit? Right?

Dan  2:25:06
So Alex has crafted this in his mind as this reason for suspicion and reason for why it's justified all of his actions. Look, there was no blood

Jordan  2:25:15
bow. I mean, in the immortal words, it doesn't jive right, until

Dan  2:25:21
you read a little bit further

Chris Mattei  2:25:23
and wants to turn to page six. This is a Mr. CarIos report that we've just been reading. Once you start at the paragraph beginning my next recollection.

Alex Jones  2:25:38
Next memories,

Chris Mattei  2:25:39
my next recollection.

Alex Jones  2:25:42
My next recollection is that when I returned to the school and went back to roommate, I believe, attended Fagin, Nelly, follow me and I returned what I thought was a closet would really realize the bathroom. I believe there was one or more gun shovels that's door jamb, and blood splattered on the walls. I mean, it realizes these children had actually been shot in the bathroom not hidden. They're also recognized. I had to check for possible survivors. If repair to check the room, I recall it in the valleys standing behind me watching across some type of furniture. TFC kick was rather than me with some software, or somewhere from the room TFC Carlo Guerra, for 20 had entered the room and was diagnosed diagonally across from room when I asked if anyone had access to foam keep reading.

Chris Mattei  2:26:37
Yes, please.

Alex Jones  2:26:44
And I asked if anyone had access to foam with a camera, because I was about to disturb a crime scene. I recall that TFC Guerra took my phone. But there was my phone. But there was some confusion. And I did not wait. I later learned that TFC Guerra took some photographs after I started moving bodies. My images of checking with children in the bathroom are not clear. Recall that the size of the pile of children was unimaginable. Some of the children had horrific injuries. I know that because I began to systematically check their life signs to remove children remember calling calling into calling or calling into the pile, or the hope that a survivor would answer and then I was watching and hoping to see movement pull the children out of the pile on my one and I did so place their bodies on the floor. Aside from classroom I started nearest the bathroom and places children in the row leading towards entry door no specific memory my children remove

Chris Mattei  2:28:01
certain Kerio comment on the presence of blood spatter in that fortunately, yes,

Dan  2:28:07
them. Yeah. So you have you have Alex grasping at straws as he reads the beginning portion of this trying to find things that he can present as anomalies. Not realizing that a little bit later. All the things that he doesn't comprehend, are perfectly explained. And, and horrifying. And he just will he'd rather make a cherry pick to the anomaly out of it because that's that's how he works.

Jordan  2:28:44
Well, if it if he had read it, he would have stopped when he saw when he

Dan  2:28:49
got what he needed. Exactly. He would Salazar and the charter that said the FBI says no one was killed. Yep, I got what I wanted. Get out. Yep. And it's dark. It's really fucking dark. Yeah. That even in this setting, his brain can work that way. And that is just such a primary objective of his. And then I just I mean, I know it's awful and it's really hard to hear and hard to listen to. But there is a part of it that is this is the this is in reality the event that Alex lies about, yeah, this is the this this is the it's the image of it is unthinkable like it that good. The EMT is saying totally it's on it's unimaginable and instead of instead of dealing with reality, Alex decided to lie and exploit Yeah,

Jordan  2:29:49
i the whole time he was reading that I couldn't stop thinking about Jesse Lewis and Scarlets testimony whenever she was relating the story of him Saving fucking lives, you know, him keeping people away from this story, you know, keeping them away from that. Yeah. And it's just like to really hear him read it. So blase. So looking for something that exculpatory that it saves him. saves him. Yeah. You know? Yep. And it's just like it. It really fucks me up. Yeah. It really fucks me, you know,

Dan  2:30:27
it's hard for it not to it is it is like, it's a setting records of cowardice. Totally.

Jordan  2:30:33
A reasonable person looks at that, listen to that, and just goes a billion dollars. You know, like, fuck this guy. This guy needs to be stopped. Yeah. Because he's not going to learn. It's not going to he's not going to learn.

Dan  2:30:46
No, I mean, that's true. And I mean, I watched the sanctions hearing that they had or not sanctions, the punitive damages hearing that norm and Maddie did right earlier this week. And norm was almost making your argument. It's like a billion dollars isn't going to stop him? Yeah, a trillion dollars isn't going to stop. Yeah, he needs to be stopped what amount of money like but he was making that argument for like, the fines should be lower. Yeah, exactly. Which is insane. No amount of money is going to stop this person from acting the way he does it. So don't punish him is my brain. This is what he does. Yeah, he can't stop himself. Yep,

Jordan  2:31:25
he cannot. He's reading this. And he does not give a thought

Dan  2:31:30
he's disconnected from the humanity and the reality of it. That's just,

Jordan  2:31:35
he's this community. He's disconnected from humanity and reality, period. You know,

Dan  2:31:40
it's hard not to see it that way. So we have a little bit of content here left a little bit of stuff to get through. But this is the end of the the grotesque portion. Yes, yeah. And the the deposition day wraps up with a little bit of an argument about whether or not they should keep going. So Maddie has questions and, and then the Alex's lawyer, and the guy who I believe is the lawyer for Genesis communications network. They have an opportunity to ask Alex questions, but it's at the end of the day. And so like they need to regroup or decide to keep going share, and Maddie doesn't want to break and come back another day, unless there's a guarantee that Alex will appear for that. Yeah, of course. So. So this becomes a little bit of an issue. And Norm has a standing appointment somewhere at six that day. And so of course, it ends with that. But before that. Maddie asks Alex, he shows pictures of the family members, the plaintiffs and asks Alex if he knows who they are, and then asks if he feels any responsibility for the pain that they've experienced? Yeah, because of his actions. Yeah. And Alex gets progressively more and more belligerent and hostile.

Jordan  2:32:58
Yeah. Well, yeah. Cuz he's, he would have to admit, you know, responsibility for something.

Dan  2:33:03
Yeah. And so this begins with Alex just denying any responsibility for anything.

Chris Mattei  2:33:09
Do you accept any responsibility, Mr. Jones, for suffering you cause Erika Lafferty to experience in the aftermath of her mother's death? Objection.

Alex Jones  2:33:28
I mean, no, I doubt it's apples and oranges. I didn't I didn't kill her. I didn't kill any children. And I really believe there were anomalies. I later learned were not correct. And I corrected that apologize at the time and I'm not the Sandy Hook man.

Chris Mattei  2:33:53
What numbers? Do you recognize any of the people in this photograph, sir? No. Do you accept any responsibility for the suffering you cause? Mark and Jackie Barden as a result of the lies you told concerning Sandy Hook in the aftermath, their

Unknown Speaker  2:34:17
child's death objection

Alex Jones  2:34:18
did not kill her child. And I don't I did not mean personally against them. Yeah, I thought it was like the WMD in Iraq thing, or, or all the stuff we all know their lives we've seen.

Chris Mattei  2:34:30
And so with respect to the lies that you told, you don't accept any responsibility for the suffering, those lies may have caused objects in

Alex Jones  2:34:39
our party for a lot to be a lie. You have to know it's incorrect, and I didn't tell any of the things I was wrong about on purpose.

Chris Mattei  2:34:45
Do you accept any responsibility for the suffering that your incorrect statements about the Sandy Hook shooting may have caused Jack and Martin Barden of Jack? Jackie Mr. Orton in the aftermath, their son's death objection

Alex Jones  2:35:03
of questioning public events. And free speech is banned because it might hurt somebody's feelings. We're not in America anymore. You they can change the channel. They can they can come out and say I'm wrong they have their free speech.

Chris Mattei  2:35:17
Well, they don't have the ability to change the channel when people who are inspired by you threatened and harassed them. Do you

Alex Jones  2:35:26
really proven that? Oh, boy,

Dan  2:35:27
I Oh, boy. Yeah, I just can't like I don't know. It's hard to it's hard to listen to this all and just think like, how does Alex not think this has gone terribly? This has gone as badly as possible. Yeah.

Jordan  2:35:45
You, you. i. i That it is it is looking it? How is it possible, you know, for this motherfucker, to steamroll your life, you know, just out of just he can choose to steamroll your fucking life, if it makes him money. And then he'll say it was an accident. And it shouldn't be a problem.

Dan  2:36:14
Well, I mean, it that is great until he has to pay a billion dollars.

Jordan  2:36:18
That's where we need to get him to pay that money.

Dan  2:36:21
I just I feel I feel like optically. But philosophically, even from Alex's own perspective, none of this plays well, no, it really is a is a terrible look of a petulant baby, who refuses to really own up and be at all an adult about, about his own actions. So he gets a little hostile here towards the idea of taking responsibility accurately.

Chris Mattei  2:36:49
Do you recognize any of the folks in this photograph? No. accept any personal responsibility for the suffering you caused? Matthew Corley and Julian Soto, as a result of statements you made concerning the Sandy Hook shooting?

Alex Jones  2:37:09
I've never said her name. I didn't kill I didn't kill any members of her family. I never said her names. That's a no, that's a no. I mean, I refuse the false guilt you're trying to put onto me to destroy the First Amendment. Wow, oof.

Jordan  2:37:25
He the one thing that he doesn't understand. And I I understand it makes sense. Because if you've never experienced the consequences for something, and you always get what you want, why would you assume that your deflections and your attempts to get out of stuff? Make you look way worse? Right than if you just said yes or no, you know, it. You can you can tell? Like he's he's always gotten away with it. Yeah, he can just wiggle out. He can get you emotional. And then he gets rewarded for it. Yeah. So In what world? Would he think that it's a bad move? It always worked.

Dan  2:38:06
Yeah. Yeah, it does. And I he can't recognize that in this circumstance. Even from a crass, cynical, Alex's own personal motivations perspective, even for him sticking to his guns or whatever. Yeah, acknowledging the people's pain and saying I am I am sorry, for my part in that. It doesn't hurt him at all. No. And it only helps No,

Jordan  2:38:34
it would have been very literally in this tech position. He had actually expressed remorse and responsibility and taken something, maybe it would have been $500 million.

Dan  2:38:48
I mean, who knows? But I mean, well, see, here's the thing, right? For him to do that he would need to have a completely different mindset. And having a completely different mindset might have made it $500 million ago, this sole act probably wouldn't make that big of a difference, right. But it'd be indicative of a whole different paradigm. Yeah. So we have one last clip here. And it's, he's shown a picture of Robbie Parker, and he does recognize him. Well, yeah. So that's a little bit of a twist

Chris Mattei  2:39:17
to recognize anybody depicted what exhibit numbers is 133. Do you recognize anybody depicted in this photograph, sir?

Alex Jones  2:39:24
Yes, Robbie Parker and his daughter, okay.

Chris Mattei  2:39:28
Do you accept any personal responsibility for the suffering you cause Robbie Parker as a result of the statements you made in the aftermath of the Sandy Hook shooting

Unknown Speaker  2:39:39
objection, action.

Alex Jones  2:39:41
I did not personally meet him any harm but but I am sad for for his loss and his pain and, and and I'm sorry, of having to ask questions in this country, you know, hurt him but again, I did not kill his daughter. And that's why I cannot accept the responsibility that you guys have created while you're out there. giggling and laughing He was Celebrating in the hallway about all the attention you're getting. And you come in here and talk all soft and sad and at home and like you're manipulating people that have hearts and souls out there with with your cold blooded political apparatus, and so I will not buy into the fraud.

Chris Mattei  2:40:16
Do you agree that your statements in the aftermath of the Sandy Hook shooting cause much profit? No, sorry. Sorry, I'll say it again. Do you agree that your conduct in the aftermath of the Sandy Hook shooting cause Mr. Parker pain? And no, I

Alex Jones  2:40:35
didn't I didn't even create the story or pointed out at first I didn't cover it.

Dan  2:40:38
So it's just a just a refusal of, of anything that isn't even in line with things that he said he said earlier in this very episode that we're recording. I'm sorry for any pain that was caused around. Yeah, Parker. He's a good man, you know, like this is, this is just Alex recognizing the gravity of the moment that they're in at this point at the end of the line of questioning, and him sort of feeling like he's got to be a defiant Colonel Travis type thing. And it's it's misguided. It's disrespectful. It sucks. And that's Alex. Yeah.

Jordan  2:41:15
I mean, I just how, how it's possible, for, you know, so many people to have read in so many different outlets, you know, Alex finally apologized for what he did or anything like that, you know, it's like, they're the only thing that an apology is, is taking responsibility for your actions, and then working to correct that.

Dan  2:41:42
That's the that's the foundation of what apology? Yeah, should be.

Jordan  2:41:47
And he fundamentally cannot do that. Absolutely. That's not a possible thing, not for him to apologize.

Dan  2:41:54
No, because all you need to really know about the penitence or lack thereof with him is when he reads EMTs account of being there. He's trying to find rationalizations for his own actions. Yep. For his own lies that he told about Sandy Hook. What makes what about this helps me justify myself. Yeah, and that's, that's, that's him, man. Yeah, sucks. He sucks.

Jordan  2:42:22
Yeah, it is. We don't we don't talk about him in the same way that we do serial killers, you know?

Dan  2:42:30
Well, because we don't know of any murders that he's done since childhood.

Jordan  2:42:34
Right. Right. But I don't mean, like in the, in the context of like, murdering somebody, but it is, if you are reading a story about a serial killer, they're, they're not gonna be like, and then he was like, oh, serial killing is wrong. I got it now. I'm really sorry about that. Everybody kind of gets the idea that if you're already on if you're on body number five, remorse is probably not for you know, and I genuinely feel like that's where we are with Alex. You know, it's like, we're, he didn't kill anybody. And obviously the Well, yeah. But but he's, it's he's a serial killer.

Dan  2:43:18
You know, I recognize what you mean, there is there is not necessarily a point where he's going to suddenly realize, yeah, that Oh, no, the error of my ways. Yeah. Yeah. And he is probably in too deep for any kind of moment of clarity like that. Yeah. Unless, of course, that is what he needs to do to try and make a redemption arc. The only way he could be stay relevant, right, pull a Glenn Beck put on a sweater, talk to Samantha Bee,

Jordan  2:43:45
put it down for a couple of years, and then get right back at it. Right. Yep. Um,

Dan  2:43:49
maybe if there is a other motivation, he could appear in some way to have had a had a moment. But I mean, even even in this same deposition episode that we're doing, he's talking, he's lying about, like breakthroughs he's had in therapy and stuff. So like, he knows he, he knows that he can he can maybe use that as some kind of a good idea, serious guard, whatever but

Jordan  2:44:15
supposed to have when you have a breakthrough in therapy. Everybody's like, whoa, this guy's changed. Instead, it appears that he was like, You're right. I am right about everything. And I should never take responsibility for my actions. Good call. Yeah. Thanks, therapist.

Dan  2:44:30
So we come to the end of day two of Alex's depositions. And we may do like another episode cleaning up day three and four, but like I said, they're pretty minor, as a whole. And after how this fireworks, fireworks and more like, yeah, it's too heavy. Yeah. And so yeah, we'll do that. And then probably Friday. We'll check back in see how the stream went. Maybe we'll See, I don't know. Who knows? I don't know at all. Nope. But until then Jordan Dilruba back. We have a website. We

Jordan  2:45:07
do have a website. It's our trade.com.

Dan  2:45:11
Also on Twitter, we are on Twitter that and I'll just go fight. Yep, I will be back. But until then I'm Neo. I'm Leo. I'm DZX Clark. Hey, dude, if you read the WikiLeaks, I gotta read. You gotta read.

Alex Jones  2:45:22
And now here comes the Sex Robot. Andy in Kansas, you're on the air. Thanks for holding. Well, Alex, I'm a first time caller. I'm a huge fan. I love your work.
