Alex Jones  00:04
Red Alert. Red alert. Red alert. Red Alert knowledge five days. damn important wedding knowledge party.com It's time to pray. I have great respect for knowledge like knowledge. I'm sick of them posing as if they're the good guys. Shang V or the bad guy. Knowledge on Dan and Jordan knowledge fight need money? Candy and candy. Candy are stopping Andy and Cam handy in Kansas. Right Andy in Kansas, you're on the airplane for huge fan. I love your word, knowledge by knowledge fight.com.

Dan  00:59
Hey, everybody, welcome back to knowledge, right. I'm Dan. I'm Jordan. We're a couple dudes like to sit around and worship at the altar of saline and talk a little bit about Alex Joe. Indeed

Jordan  01:07
we are Dan Jordan, quick question for you. So what you prayed about today, but

Dan  01:12
my bright spot today Jordan is. So I've been a lover of books. Through my life, I was a avid reader when I was younger. Some of that fell apart a little bit as booze took over.

Jordan  01:26
I think we have very similar trajectories on

Dan  01:29
The Wonder Years of booze. It's hard to read when your eyes are blurry. So some of those after college years might have been a little bit hazy or on that front. Sure. But what I always had a pretty decent collection of books of growing up, I always I like to have like a bookshelf with even if it's just to look at read the books, but it's fun to look at Oh, man. And I realized that I've not done that in the past years. And one of the reasons is because Oh, like eight years ago or so nine years ago, I had a house fire and my house burned down. Yep. And I lost a giant collection of books that I had. And I just kind of felt like after that point, like what's the what's the point of having these physical

Jordan  02:15
short things? So ephemeral? Yeah, it can all be gone in an instant. Yeah.

Dan  02:19
And I guess it's taken that long for me to get back on the horse because I have decided that I'm starting a new library. But it'll be a specifically anti communist literature and Alex Jones adjacent library

Jordan  02:32
when I was a child, I did childish. Exactly. But when I became a man,

Dan  02:37
right, back on the horse of collecting books, right, such and so actually today, just in the mail, I've got my I got my first couple things that I'd ordered. Oh, I know, some copies of the American opinion. Yeah, I'm Birch Society magazines from the 60s. So antiques baby, let's

Jordan  02:56
open it up to a random page. Nope. Too many N word.

Dan  02:59
Why don't you look at that one? Page? 27. Yep. And

Jordan  03:07
thank you, sir.

Dan  03:10
Gary Allen article about the Civil Rights Movement.

Jordan  03:13
Yeah, it's, it uses the words you would expect? Yeah.

Dan  03:17
So yeah, I'm excited to put this together. And also, this is a little bit self serving. But I wanted to put out the message to folks that, you know, if you have any John Birch Society materials that are kicking around your house, and you feel like, Hey, I don't need this, maybe Dan would like it. I guarantee you I would he would, really would. So if you want to contact us. That would be very nice. I would enjoy any contributions to the, the library. Yeah,

Jordan  03:42
if you're just one of those regular old people. And I know you and I have both been there, you know, you're wandering around your house and like, what am I doing with all this anti communist literature from the 1940? Maybe

Dan  03:51
your parents had? Exactly, I don't know. There's, there's all kinds of possibilities. And I think it would go to a good good home. I'd take care of it.

Jordan  04:00
Totally. No. I mean, it's funny that I made the joke because honestly, I think our audience probably does. I mean, yeah, I think our audience is more likely to have this than any other fucking world.

Dan  04:10
So yeah, I will say that the last time I put a call out for something like this is like, you know, old episodes of Alex like maybe these VHS is his public access show, no dice on that. But I think this is a little bit more likely to have somebody who's sitting on something that's slightly

Jordan  04:26
less specific. I think there's more opportunities.

Dan  04:30
So what about you? What's your bread? Oh,

Jordan  04:33
my bright spot, Dan, is that there's a certain fella named Hayao Miyazaki. All right now, he makes some pretty good movies. I don't know if you've ever heard a Studio Ghibli.

Dan  04:45
I don't not that but I've heard his name before. Yeah. Princess Mononoke.

Jordan  04:49
Yeah, Spirited Away. Porco. Rosso. Yep. All right. Oh, wait.

Jordan  04:55
I don't know that one. Porco Rosa is an incredible film. It's maybe my favorite film of all time, the spirited way and print As modern Okay, those are the two

Jordan  05:01
more famous ones. Yeah. But he tweeted out or something. Here's a picture from him of a little statue of grow goo. Or boy, do you know what that means? Man? Wait,

Dan  05:15
here's what I'm thinking. Was this one of these Elon Musk's fake Twitter account things

Jordan  05:20
him? Oh girl goo and he's in the picture. Oh boy. It's the official

Dan  05:24
Studio Ghibli. Wait, wait, wait. So wait, he

Jordan  05:26
is going to make a Star Wars movie. Oh,

Dan  05:30
I thought maybe he was going to be in the Mandalorian next season. No.

Jordan  05:33
Oh, he might do. I don't know if it's a Star Wars movie or whatever. It's gonna be sure Herzog Bing. Oh, that would be fun. That would be fun.

Dan  05:43
Book convention a little bit. Yeah,

Jordan  05:44
I don't think he would do that. He's not that kind of guy. But anyways, the people responsible for maybe five of my top 10 films are making one together. That's going to be incredible.

Dan  05:57
I hope you're not let down. I will know if I can. I will let you enjoy this brightness and excitement without my cynicism. I was only

Jordan  06:07
let down by Studio Ghibli one time. All right. And that's because it's not just me. Izaki. You know, there's another director there who's also an incredible director named Takahata. And he's really, really good, but he makes less magical stuff and more grounded and realism stuff. And we just thought Studio Ghibli was the same. So when I was 19, my friends and I all got together, ordered some pizza and we wanted to watch Grave of the Fireflies. Because in the Studio Ghibli. Sure. Right. That movie is about two children following the firebombing of Tokyo Oh, and it is the status fucking magical. It is the saddest movie anyone had ever watched and I got shocked by it. So yeah.

Dan  06:47
How about this one Studio Ghibli public?

Jordan  06:50
Man, we got to do that.

Dan  06:53
Alright, so anyway, Jordan, we have an episode to go over and this is coming out a little bit late. We're recording this on Friday morning. And one of the reasons for that everybody thought it's the additional half a billion dollars Alex has to pay and punitive damages. So funny. And the Kappa stuff. No, it's not that. Although fun off delightful 1.5 billion almost at this point.

Jordan  07:18
I mean, if I'm if I'm the judge, you know, I am writing that number out. I'm writing the five or the four and then the other four. And then I'm thinking of that time that Alex put a picture of me with flames in my eyes. And then I'm writing six zero.

Dan  07:36
Yeah, it's it's quite an amount. I am interested to see where this goes. But that is not why we needed to delay things right. It's because today we're covering Alex's star studded midterm. Oh, no, it was not star studded all the stars. Oh, the stars were there was a red carpet.

Jordan  07:51
I'm waiting for him to get Chris Pratt. I feel like we're not far away. Man.

Dan  07:54
Today is the day Oh shit. No, of course our Lord was not there. Although it would be interesting to hear the two of them describe what I'm saying. That so bad. Yeah.

Jordan  08:04
How Did This Get Made?

Dan  08:06
No. Today it's a bunch of dorks complaining about the midterms. So we'll we'll enjoy that and watch that go down. But man yeah, they who? It was long, but we're only gonna talk about the beginning of the coverage and then the time that Alex is there, right because Alex checks out and goes home at a certain point and leaves Ali Alexander and Owen Shroyer to host and take call oh man, and then they just replay Alex's show from earlier in the day. He did an interview with David Icke. And who cares? But we'll get down to business on this. But first, let's say hello to somebody who wants I think that's a great idea. So first, them both. Thank you so much. You are now policy wonk.

Alex Jones  08:50
I'm a policy wonk,

Dan  08:51
thank you very much. Thank you Next grim, reefer. Thank you so much. You are now policy. Well, I'm a policy.

Jordan  08:56
Thank you very much.

Dan  08:57
Next Wilford, sniffle pebble gnome artificer of clam Gribble. Pebble, thank you so much. You are now policy wonk.

Alex Jones  09:04
I'm a policy wonk.

Jordan  09:05
Thank you very much,

Dan  09:06
Nick snickerdoodle joining the marathon knowledge fight at mile 25. Thank you so much. You are now policy wonk.

Alex Jones  09:12
I'm a policy wonk,

Jordan  09:13
thank you very much. This

Dan  09:14
one's in all caps. So thank you so much. Do I need your help? Frank, you are now a policy wonk.

Alex Jones  09:18
I'm a policy wonk, thank

Jordan  09:19
you very much.

Dan  09:21
And Miguel orfans. Thank you so much. You are now policy walk.

Alex Jones  09:24
I'm a policy wonk.

Jordan  09:25
Thank you very much.

Dan  09:26
And we got a couple of technocrats in the mix here. So first, Hey, guys, I just woke up from a five month coma. How many mustards are we at? Thank you so much. You are now

Jordan  09:38
rude. That's a good one.

Jordan  09:39
That's a really good one.

Dan  09:42
And thank you so much to to Adam. You're the best brother or Richard could ever ask for but Jordan and I love you very much. Thank you so much. You are now a technocrat.

Alex Jones  09:52
I'm a policy wonk. I have risen above my enemies. I might quit tomorrow actually. Gonna take a little break now. Little brachii for me, and then we're going to come back and I'm going to start the show over. But I'm the devil. I gotta be daring all their Fuck you. Fuck you. I got plenty of words for you. But at the end of the day, Fuck you and your new world order, and fuck the horse she wrote in on and all your shit. Maybe today should have been less broadcast. Maybe I'll just be gone a month, maybe five years. Maybe I'll walk out of here tomorrow, and you never see me again. That's really what I want to do. I never want to come back here again. I apologize to the crew and the listeners yesterday that I was legitimately having breakdowns on air. I'll be better tomorrow.

Dan  10:46
Guess what, Adam? He is not better tomorrow. No, Alex is not better. He sucks. Also marathon coverage? He's not great. Yeah, you

Jordan  10:57
know, I really figured this was the time for him to step up. If he was going to the midterm marathon. here's

Dan  11:04
the here's foundational problem, though. Alex for months has been saying there's gonna be a false flag before the midterm. There is an issue said the Biden was going to be assassinated. That's true. None of this shit happened. So the like midterm coverage. And I mean, we're now on the other side of it. So we know that it was not very eventful, even now as a midterm. There's there's obviously Democrats overperformed or GOP underperform share, however, you want to look at it, maybe both maybe a combination of both, which leads to a smaller GOP victory than would have been expected in a midterm election such as this where the Democrats had won the previous general election. And that's not very exciting.

Jordan  11:46
No, I mean, it does. It did feel like the American electorate gave a resounding keep doing the exact same thing.

Dan  11:54
Yeah, it was a look at things, not things not great. Maybe we're not super satisfied with the way the Democratic Party is operating, but also not pissed off enough that the GOP is gonna gain ground. Yeah, I

Jordan  12:09
think what it really shows is everybody's mad at both parties. Nobody wants anyone to win anymore. But I think

Dan  12:16
the population generally as a whole is more mad at Trump tertia. That world? Yeah. And that's great. I mean, it's a positive sign.

Jordan  12:26
When you get there, at least you got there. It's a positive sign that you're

Dan  12:29
not, you didn't see like an overwhelming cascade of like all of these, like fringe as candidates rising into positions. Now unfortunately, people like Marjorie Taylor Greene did when I know that we talked a little bit about the possibility that she could have a competitive race chair, and it did look like there was some possibilities both in the primary and in the general but, you know, didn't come to pass Democrat underperformed why Andrew was a giant, pro Republican district. Yeah, it's not not the biggest surprise in the world. Certainly unfortunate.

Jordan  13:04
But I do like that our future Speaker of the House can only really screech more than speak. You know,

Dan  13:10
I don't think she's gonna be she's the speaker of the house. She's not gonna be this.

Jordan  13:13
I think so. One of the

Dan  13:15
dynamics that goes sort of unexplored on on Info Wars, is that the lesser the margin of like, like, like, power, you know, the the fewer people they have above 50%, right, the greater the power of people like Marjorie Taylor Greene becomes Yeah. And that dynamic is ignored entirely and enforce analysis, because they don't understand that maybe they do. Maybe they don't certainly, it's not interesting to them. Yeah, that's fair. But that's what's weird. Like Roger Stone has been very clear about this. He said in the past, like, you don't want a giant Republican, right? When you want a small win, and specifically, the people that we know are crazy. We want them to win, because then they'll hold greater amounts of power. But that message seems to have not gotten through to like Alex and Owen.

Jordan  14:05
I mean, the best example of this in maybe history is the Democrats. Were very, very excited to have won the Senate. And then immediately they discovered that they did not do anything even sort of close to that because Joe Manchin has more power than anyone in America.

Dan  14:21
Yeah, yeah. That dynamic is is real. Yeah. So that you know, the fact that Alex has had to like, do this show after screaming for months about like a false flag that never came? Yeah. is unfortunate. And then the second thing is this boring is boring shit.

Jordan  14:41
It was a boring night,

Dan  14:42
but but you'd expect to at least be interesting on Infowars they

Jordan  14:45
wouldn't you would expect them to try there's so

Dan  14:47
much them pretending they're fucking CNN. Oh, ensure you're standing in front of a giant man. Oh,

Jordan  14:52
fuck me. Oh, yeah, you guys are not you are Infowars

Dan  14:57
they've got Owen and Harrison in the oDesk or whatever the second studio where they, Alex will throw it to oh and be like, oh go talk about this county. Oh shit.

Jordan  15:07
If they have a map it should only be of the Confederacy like that's what their map should be of like hey, guess what Jefferson Davis is now the Yeah,

Dan  15:15
or a map of like Hyrule Darren and Dorf has made some strides over here in Hatano village.

Jordan  15:25
What they could have is like a five person you know, you have the five lines, right and you have the little Velcro faces that you attach to that. And then we've got like Soros, we've got Trump we've got all of those people and it's like a horse race to see who's winning the most. You know, I it looks like Soros might have come out on top.

Dan  15:45
I don't know who did but it's not us. Nope. Because here we go. Here is another context drop from today's show.

Alex Jones  15:52
Ollie, you just made some incredible points. This is a political because I'm a smart guy, Alex.

Dan  15:57
Yeah, he's a smart guy. Oh, boy. I would say that Ali Alexander is maybe the star.

Jordan  16:05
Cool. of both this and January 6.

Dan  16:11
He says that like this is the first time in 15 years that he hasn't been involved in like campaigns. And it's probably because of January 6. Yeah, I would assume. But I think that that is part of the desperation that he has. And so he's there the whole time. Oh, no. Yeah, he's just he's, he's the guy anchoring this. This relay race. And

Jordan  16:32
whispering I've got nowhere else to go underneath every

Dan  16:35
Yeah, Tim Poole didn't ask. Yep, yep. Yep. Not interested.

Jordan  16:39
I'm hosed guys.

Dan  16:41
Throw me a bone the other week. Charlie Kirk doesn't want me salutely Not so the other right wing folks who are having the streams. This is about as good as it gets for Alexander at this point. Yikes. So we start off and Alex is not there. Owen and Harrison are hosting the beginning of this cover. And

Owen Shroyer  17:04
we're back live here in Infowars live coverage of the 2022 midterm election. Harrison Smith joins me in studio now. Harrison. I just had a little bit of a belly laugh at this news. I should have waited for air to Well, no, it is time now is the time folks. If you haven't heard this, get ready for a good laugh.

Harrison Smith  17:24
Well, I'm trying to find the exact tweet but the word on the street is our good friends over at the Young Turks are not broadcasting on this all important election night because unfortunately, power is down in Los Angeles. But

Owen Shroyer  17:36
how will we fill our cups with their liberal tears?

Harrison Smith  17:40
I don't know. I it's it's a shame really. I think I think we're the ones that are really suffering from from this because we

Owen Shroyer  17:46
won't no one's being denied we're being parched.

Dan  17:49
They're so excited for the liberal tears that they're gonna get to drink and now they've been deprived them because young turks not on air.

Jordan  17:56
I do love that American politics is absolutely completely devoid of any and all governance. And it's just like, Man, this election is gonna be great because it'll make people feel bad. It's just

Dan  18:08
sadism. Exactly. I want hurt. Yeah, so this is weird. Based on everything about Alex's world building and the narratives he's been selling for months. A power outage in the second largest city on in the US on election night would probably be caused for like this is a false flag kind of. Yeah, I'm willing to bet if it happened in an area that wasn't heavily blue and these ding dongs knew that they had no chance of winning. This would be reported as proof of election fraud. Instead of some lighthearted news that touching on to mock the Young Turks share their reporting on a tweet the Young Turks posted that said quote, slight delay with the start of Young Turks tonight. We'll tweet out here once the show is live. We're experiencing a power outage but the team is on it so we can deliver you the progressive perspective on midterms 2022. This was at 5:19pm Central. They plan to go live at five and they were up in broadcasting by around six Techstop happens as the crew of Infowars can clearly yes. And also by the way this we just listened to from Harrison. Yeah. Oh, and is after six. So we're probably already live. God damn them. There doesn't seem to have been a broad power outage in LA that night. It was probably really local to their studio, maybe even just their building. It might have been some other tech issue that they were calling a power outage is shorthand to who knows. Anyway, they did do their show. There weren't a ton of liberal tears for Owen and Harrison to mock but Matt Gaetz did show up to do a painful interview where he tried to minimize his sexual assault allegations by saying that more people had accused Biden than him which is a good dodge.

Jordan  19:39
I don't know how that's a human response right from a human being

Dan  19:45
murdered less people than that guy. Yes, that's what he sadly a murderer.

Jordan  19:49
I don't understand. Cool.

Dan  19:51
So you see here this glee that Owen and Harrison are putting out because they're convinced they're about to get ahead of their favorite drug, which is seeing people they don't like in pain. and it comes out really vividly every election. And I do have to make it clear that this isn't just some kind of joy in seeing that you have defeated your opponent in sadism. It's political sadism. It's disgusting. Yep. So Owen is a guy. Full stop.

Jordan  20:16
That's true.

Dan  20:17
But if you want to describe him, he's a guy who likes to be thorough with his investigation.

Jordan  20:22
What manner?

Dan  20:22
Well, he's not the kind of person who will take other people's words for things. He goes out and does his own exit polling.

Jordan  20:29
I don't know. I feel like we have him saying under oath that he's a puppet. No,

Dan  20:32
no, no, no puppet here.

Jordan  20:33
I think he's above Owen

Dan  20:35
is an exit polar now he's a puppet. So

Owen Shroyer  20:38
I'm curious. Did you vote today? Yes. What was your experience? Like?

Harrison Smith  20:43
45 minutes waiting in line, it went pretty smoothly.

Owen Shroyer  20:46
You're in a more conservative area. Right?

Harrison Smith  20:48
Not according to the people I was standing in line with or not from their physical appearance.

Owen Shroyer  20:54
Sorry, what's the very end? You probably went after? You got all fair this morning? Yeah, I

Harrison Smith  20:58
went around noon. Okay. I went bad. Yeah, I

Owen Shroyer  21:00
asked because I went first thing in the morning, and I got in within 20 minutes, it may have even been less really painless experience. And so I had so much free time, I was expecting it to take an hour or maybe even two. So I had a bunch of free time I figured out let me drive around and look at all the rest of the polling locations. I may or may not have made it to yours. I think you might be just south, technically, of the areas I went to where you would vote in my district. I think you might be in a different district. But I was amazed at the low voter turnout, I was amazed. Mostly these are Democrat areas with the low voter turnout, it seemed like lines barely out the door. And the only places where I saw long lines were when I got over to the west side of town, which are traditionally more conservative Republican areas where it did look like lines of 100 200 300 people out the door, but I didn't see any of that in the Democrat areas.

Dan  21:52
And the Democrats aren't voting Republicans are all out in full force. I

Jordan  21:55
don't know what to tell you.

Dan  21:57
This is scientific. I only drove around and he saw stuff.

Jordan  22:00
I mean, I just that's so that's so convinced

Dan  22:03
that he's right. And Harrison can look at somebody and tell how they're gonna vote. That's

Jordan  22:07
it. They look Democrat. Yeah. You know what, what's good for the future is whenever fascists identify people based on looks, and then classify them based on Well, we know that Alex can see demons and people see them, we can look at them. Yeah, this is an issue of our future. Future historians will say that they were not demons.

Dan  22:28
Yes. So they take some calls before Alex shows up, and they get a guy from Oklahoma. It's the place to be that's where the wind goes rushing through the plane. That's what we do. Also, it's a place where election fraud is, oh, no,

Owen Shroyer  22:42
I want to take a quick call bill in Oklahoma bill, you're on Info Wars, midterm election night coverage, go ahead.

Caller 1 (746)  22:53
Air Stan, if you are receiving this transmission, we are there resist and just wanted to call and say I'm in Oklahoma. And I recorded two videos today of my experience at the bowl. And I voted at 730 this morning. And the machines were already messing up. And I got it on video, the woman talking about some machines in my town have been messing up through early voting and everything. And the video also so the woman talking about well, you could just put your ballot in this drop box, and I'll hand seen a blader. And I was like, that's kind of odd, you know, so I went back. And it the machines are still messing up and I'm recording another video of the port, poll worker editing the woman's ballot. And she's like, Yeah, I can nullify ballots or change them and blah, blah, blah. And this is in Oklahoma.

Harrison Smith  24:00
Are you putting these videos out anywhere? Do you have a Twitter account or something?

Caller 1 (746)  24:04
Yes, yeah. Look, I don't do social media, I just watch news. So my counts don't have a lot of activity. But if you want to look up the videos, my rumble account is W dirt, e i r k s

Dan  24:21
one. So it took a while to find this guy's account because he doesn't articulate his letters very well. Right. But eventually I got it. And I watched the two videos he posted and I find myself unconvinced of anything other than it was a humid day in Oklahoma, which is part of what the poll worker told him was the cause of the tabulation machines being down. Yeah, and I'm not even sure if I trust her expertise on it being the reason but who knows. Yeah, he has one video that's zero. And then the second video is where a poll worker is explaining to him that if a ballot goes through the reader and there's an error, the voter can nullify that ballot and fill out a new one but they have to sign off on that process. The voter has to decide that Right, the error that's most often picked up appears to be over voting where the machine doesn't read which candidate the voter picked in a certain race. The poll worker has the ability to override this with the voters consent, and the machine will then count all the other votes cast. But in that race, no vote will be tabulated. And again, this is something that the voter has to sign off on, right. This is a video of a very kind and patient lady explaining to this caller how they deal with the tech at polling place. To his credit, he doesn't act like an Infowars caller at the polling place. And he's very polite, but he's also secretly recording these people for the purpose of accusing them of voter fraud on a national radio show. So he's still kind of a piece of shit.

Jordan  25:38
I mean, it's lying and subterfuge. Yeah, so

Dan  25:40
there's that also, Oklahoma isn't almost comically Republican state and all of the elections he could possibly think these folks are trying to steal. We're very safe GOP wins. There wasn't a voter fraud conspiracy, but if there was one, it would not involve Oklahoma. No, I can guarantee that. Yeah. You know how many ballots you'd have to fucking fraud make to have suspicious it would be if somebody like a Democrat won some big race in Oklahoma. You

Jordan  26:06
have to move everybody from fucking northern Central Illinois to Oklahoma. At once.

Dan  26:14
Yeah, yeah. It's it's ridiculous. Yeah. So anyway, in the humidity, according to this poll worker, okay. Which might actually be another conspiracy.

Caller 1 (746)  26:22
Yeah, shenanigans.

Owen Shroyer  26:25
I mean, do I have to pull shenanigans? The humidity numbers on my AccuWeather deal here? I mean, is that how ridiculous? I mean, I was, I was prepared to cover all the numbers with the voting results coming in. I didn't know I had to pull up, you know, dewpoints and humidity numbers here.

Caller 1 (746)  26:42
Well, this morning,

Owen Shroyer  26:43
I guess that's what we got to do now, though. We got to have all the different things measured now. That's

Caller 1 (746)  26:49
one that's great credit. Dewpoint. This morning in my town, where I live, that was tiny. Right? But that's because you mentioned earlier this cloud seeding and stuff. Yes. of Chinese weather. Yeah, it hasn't been this cloudy all year until last night.

Owen Shroyer  27:08
Well, you know, I'm being facetious. I don't know if they were cloud seeding last night. They have been doing some of that lately, but it was I was trying, I was hoping to see the blood moon eclipse but pretty much didn't see anything after, after about midnight. So Owens

Dan  27:21
being facetious, but this color is not

Jordan  27:23
I if I understand correctly, this caller believes that there are weather weapons that were deployed specifically in his area to raise the dew point, thereby causing voting machine error,

Dan  27:36
so that the GOP could win everything. I'm very

Jordan  27:40
confused as to how it ends, but Okay, okay.

Dan  27:45
But this is the level of discourse we're seeing here on the

Jordan  27:49
midterm coverage. I think, I think, you know, we all we've all known about how damaging it is to the voting system and all of this stuff to claim that there's so much float voter fraud. We know all of this, but one thing we don't take into account is just how much time they have wasted of people who have good faith. Like he's like, I'm going to their politely. I don't think he has good faith. Well, no, I mean, like he's he has good faith in terms of investigating the thing that they've told him is the problem. He not woke up the dewpoint Yeah, exactly. He doesn't have good faith in communicating the vote no, no, but here's why

Dan  28:25
I still say he has bad faith is because he looked up the dew point and then came up with a conspiracy explanation for why the

Jordan  28:32
dew point was high. That really is crazy. You know, it's that one's not going to find

Dan  28:36
a conspiracy, no matter what piece of information and you end up fighting like the person at the pool, her explanation of the like, the humidity causes the machines to act up a little better, and makes the paper softer or whatever, right? If he was investigating that he would have found the dewpoint but then his next step would have been seeing if the machines actually are affected by humidity or if there is something there right. You wouldn't then go to baseless nonsense about Chinese weather weapons making it humid.

Jordan  29:07
How would you not go immediately to that and that was my first thought

Dan  29:11
now. You might have more in common with old bill.

Jordan  29:14
What was the dew point today in Illinois? I don't know it got a lot colder.

Dan  29:19
Sure. Weather weapons

Jordan  29:20
boom. How does that look related to the idea but that's what happened.

Dan  29:24
So like I said, this is an all star star studded affair. Oh my God pulling out the big guns are we gonna see the Nuge The dude is not in play.

Owen Shroyer  29:36
All right, we've got Laura Loomer on the line with us. We've got Harrison in studio Owen Shroyer here with you. And Alex Jones will be joining us probably around the seven o'clock Central hour with other great guests, Steve Bannon and more will start to get the numbers in. I'll be going to the big board as well. Again, folks, the numbers coming in for Warnock in the Atlanta Tri County area. I think it's what we expect acted to happen there in Georgia. We're going to be monitoring that closely. But I think it's going to be a walk in Florida. I don't think the Democrats are going to tamper too much this go around. Unfortunately, they like to try to keep Laura Loomer out of being involved in Congress with all the cheating they do there. But I think they're going to sit this one out. I think they're gonna let DeSantis win big I think why it was gonna win big. Laura Loomer joins us now though. Laura, what's the vibe in Florida? Well, it's great to be here with you guys tonight on this exciting election day.

Dan  30:31
We've got Laura Luber on the ground when you want incisive, insightful reporting from the ground. You pull out all the stops and you get yourself one of the marquee reporters somebody who has never spent months trying to cover the Las Vegas shooting as a conspiracy. And embarrass herself was someone who has never handcuffed herself to the door of Twitter because she got kicked off Twitter and forgot to handcuff herself to the other door.

Jordan  31:06
That's about as embarrassing as it could possibly get

Dan  31:09
that person as you're on the scene reporter Laura fucking Loomer Jesus,

Jordan  31:14
you know, you just got to get the loom. You know, she weaves it together the way you need her to all right.

Dan  31:20
I mean, I get it. There aren't other options. There were a lot of writing streams that night, you know, Charlie Kirk Bannon. Crowder did him. So there were there was a there were a lot of people who were probably already booked places, right. Roger Stone is supposed to be on here. And I don't think he even shows up. He was over with the lindo. Oh my god over on Frank speech. He

Jordan  31:47
had more money on getting more money from that lend out any money. That's what the that's the money he needs. He needs any money. He will take any money.

Dan  31:56
Yeah. So you go with Laura Loomer, Ali Alexander. Steve Bannon, allegedly? We'll see how that plays out. And then Alex, not even there for the first hour now, boy, but he does show up. And I got to say I think Alex has a little bit of low energy when he shows up.

Jordan  32:12
Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.

Alex Jones  32:14
It's all the same in every key battleground every other country. Really seven. shutdowns and stuff ballots. Infowars. tomorrow's news today. That's what you've got.

Dan  32:32
He doesn't demonstrate any of those things. Either the machines breaking down or stuffed ballots. He doesn't. He just says that that's happening. There aren't examples of it. He doesn't prove any of this. It's just taken as gospel. You just say and it is true. Yeah. It's wild. Yeah.

Jordan  32:48
The problem for him, though, is that all of his good stuff happens before the midterms. It's not the actual elections for him. You know, he doesn't it's not the who wins or loses. That's interesting on Infowars. It's what they're going to do to stop it. It's

Dan  33:01
the Schroeder's midterm. Absolutely. Once it happens, it's kind of a letdown.

Jordan  33:05
Oh, they stuffed the ballot boxes like we knew they were going to your

Dan  33:09
your arguments are already pre loaded. Like your coverage is kind of predetermined.

Jordan  33:14
They're the same arguments from 2020. They're the same arguments from 2018. They're the same arguments from 26 that we've been here. You think they steal elections? Because you're losers? I get it.

Dan  33:23
Yeah. So Oh, and did a little bit of his own little grassroots exit polling. Oh, no. And guess what? So did Alex and they're confirming each other's results.

Alex Jones  33:34
All right. What we know is this. And I don't just go off the polls and the numbers, the grassroots stuff I see. I went home and took my wife and daughter out to dinner, got mobbed at a restaurant by listeners very race, color and creed. Nothing but love was mobbed. Like I was Elvis Presley, not bragging Sam, some powerful guy, but they see me as the black sheep the rebel, nothing but love and liberal Austin, Texas, then it takes me from my house about 20 minutes to get to the office took me 15 minutes because of the mass of traffic. Oh, and I forgot before that. This afternoon, I went to vote, stood in line, or 45 minutes as well. I've never stood in line five minutes. And almost everybody I talked to was voting Republican and a few were voting libertarian. Very few were voting Democrat. That's in leftist. Austin, Texas. And I mean, even ABC News and others tried to go to places like Miami that are 60 plus percent Democrat, couldn't find anybody in exit polls that voted Democrat. This is a total political bloodbath. This is a total political realignment.

Dan  34:50
Oh, so that's where we're at. It's seven. Yeah, certainly Alex is riding high on these expectations of a political bloodbath. Oh

Jordan  34:58
boy. Oh, that's not gonna be good.

Dan  35:01
But, you know, I don't want to get anyone's hopes up. It doesn't lead to like a freakout or anything. It's just sort of a coasting downward. And like Ali Alexander is, if nothing else, a self styled political analyst, sure. He thinks he knows everything about these district, of course, and all of this. And so when he is on the show, he's talking numbers. He's talking like he knows candidates names. Yeah. So it's a facsimile of actual election coverage and genetic bores the shit out of that? Of

Jordan  35:31
course it does. He doesn't watch the election coverage. No, why would he care?

Dan  35:35
It's so interesting. Like to see this just like, Ah, this is a an attempt to be like a actual news outlet. And Alex is, he might as well be.

Jordan  35:45
I mean, when does does 30,000 mail in ballots were just officially counted. And the exit polling suggests that almost 60% of them what Democrat? How exciting was that? Well,

Dan  35:58
it's demons. See, that's better. Yeah, that's where Alex wants to be. That's where I want to be honestly. So Oh, and is it the analysis desk? He's over by the big map? And I got they even did Oh, yeah. So here is Owens first attempt at being a big boy. Election journal. Okay. And man, he sucks at this. All right. Let's go

Owen Shroyer  36:17
down to Pennsylvania to that Senate race. Both races are looking really bad actually, with the early returns. Fetterman is in control now, but this is ridiculous. Alex, these are obviously early numbers. But go ahead and look at what's happening in Philadelphia County. We know what goes on in Philadelphia County 92% 92%. For Fetterman you never see a number like that, with so many votes. We're not talking about a small county in Oklahoma or Texas where there's Hey, you know,

Alex Jones  36:47
and I want you to elaborate on this. We're gonna go to break come back with Alexandria get Arizona's take on this, but I'm seeing massive red wave just in the numbers we're seeing. We are seeing key districts shutting down and Republican areas to try to block the vote. We know that's the strategy and the maylands What but what are you looking at the full spectrum saying are you saying this like with Bolsonaro in Brazil, now you can pronounce it correctly? Arias they are clearly stuffing it and and going against what the poll numbers show? I mean, what are you saying Are you saying the Republicans may not take the House and Senate tonight?

Owen Shroyer  37:22
It's gonna be a lot harder for the Democrats to steal the house because you have all these different smaller districts where they can't do ballot stuffing. But what they do what you were just alluding to Alex, is they can stuff in Philadelphia.

Dan  37:36
So this is the kind of thing you hear when you have an idiot like oh, and at the voting analysis desk. He's a person who has absolutely no interest in or knowledge about historical voting patterns, so he couldn't even credibly say whether or not Fetterman getting over 90% of the vote in Philadelphia County is in line with past election right. In reality, Philadelphia County contains two congressional districts Pennsylvania's second and third districts. The second district is a Democrat plus 25 district and went 72.9% to Clinton and 24.9% to Trump in 2016. And the spread was even wider for Obama Romney in 2012. However, the third district is Democrat plus 41. District. That's a big plus, and neither Romney nor Trump even got over 10% of the vote there. Pennsylvania's Third District is one of the most democratic voting districts in the country in cooks partisan index, their latest analysis, they were only behind Maryland's fourth, which is just outside DC, and California is 12, which includes Oakland and Berkeley, right. Pennsylvania's third is a more strongly Democrat area than San Francisco, Chicago, and pretty much all of LA and New York, right. Oh, and doesn't know these things. And he doesn't know that seeing early returns, like the ones he's talking about should be totally expected. Because he's stupid and uninformed. He takes his very normal phenomenon and translates it into a conspiracy. Also, Fetterman didn't end up with that high of a share of the votes in Philadelphia County. As of the time that I was preparing this, his win was only at about 82.1%, which actually represents an over performance there by Dr. Oz. Notice how I'm commenting on how oz got more votes than one might have expected but somehow I'm not implying that that's a result of a nefarious conspiracy.

Jordan  39:19
Crazy. Yeah. I wish that we had this on MSNBC, just just somebody who's completely uninformed. What everybody's everybody else is very aware of what's going on and this person just shows up and they're like, oh, a Republican is winning and Oklahoma bullshit. They're stealing it from us. These liars

Dan  39:40
What's this? They split Dakota into North and South. This is this is this is a plot what

Jordan  39:47
happened? Did they did they have a war? Why did they split? They split

Dan  39:50
the state to two just to get more representatives

Jordan  39:55
still have a border dispute? Something is up it can South Dakotans go into North Dakota or is it like, Is it like the Northern Irish wall? Is that what we're dealing with here?

Dan  40:04
So Owen has no idea what he's talking about as it relates to Philadelphia County. Because of that, it becomes a focal point of all of his coverage throughout the entire night, of course, and in order to facilitate that he just has to make shit up.

Owen Shroyer  40:17
And you can look at Philadelphia County, obviously, Philadelphia, and normally you're looking whether it was Hillary Clinton or Joe Biden, you're looking at about a 60 to 70%, maybe clip in there. 70 at the highest 60 probably the average that was in 2016, presidential 2020 presidential, you're talking about a 90% clip in Philadelphia County, and then guys give me Allegheny County and Pittsburgh really quick, so I can look at that. Oh, I'm

Dan  40:43
just making shit up like he's lying to the audience because he wants to pretend he's just like the adults on the news channel actually read up on these things. Oh, when knows facts and trends, but they're just made up. Philadelphia County went for Biden at 1.4% to Trump 17.9. The Senate race results are exactly in line with what you would expect there from past historical patterns. But Owens invested in constructing a voter fraud narrative that he's willing is willing to make shit up to strengthen his claim. So that's how desperate he has to create his false reality to overlay real reality right?

Jordan  41:17
There aren't even details to fudge. He has to just make them up just whole cloth just

Dan  41:21
like fuck it. Yeah. 60% is the most Has he ever totally Oh, this is so out of line with historical pattern

Jordan  41:28
based on all the stuff that I have read, which is none

Dan  41:30
nothing, nothing. It's stuff I think about Yeah, it's not it's stuff that I'd be doing research in my mind

Jordan  41:36
about it in the past. So that means in the intervening time period, I must have researched it. Clearly.

Dan  41:43
You know, that's basically like what Alex says in these depositions? That's like, I wouldn't just say that. I wouldn't. I must have said that based on some

Jordan  41:48
obviously. Why would I just make something up? That seems absurd, sir.

Dan  41:53
So alley shows up Ohio, the Alexander in the house,

Alex Jones  41:58
shot down with this right until the wee hours is a great political analyst and the head honcho ever stopped the steel that Trump's promoting today, and crushed the communist stop, steal. Give us your view on the anomalies, the numbers, you're seeing what your analysis is right now. It's too early to tell. But Ali Alexander, thanks for being here.

Ali Alexander  42:18
Yeah, thanks for having me. Alex. I think that tonight is gonna be an all star cast. I'm really excited to be here on Infowars. And I think that we're gonna be able to call races before the rest of them all star cast.

Jordan  42:29
I think we're gonna be Yeah, we make things up in line all the time. Of course, we're gonna be able to call races

Dan  42:33
before everyone else is I don't know exactly if they're before anyone else. But they do they have a couple of things that are accurate. Like, one was the ally believed that Georgia, the Warnock, Herschel Walker race was going to come down to a runoff. And I don't know if that was before other outlets. were speculating on that, but he may have been before other people knows. Anyway, it's really fun how this election livestream includes two of the three people who made that bullshit documentary where they went to mini Minnesota to accuse Ilhan Omar of being married to her brother, Laura Loomer and Ally Alexandria reunite and I'm sure Jacob wall would have been there if he wasn't laying low after pleading guilty to a voter intimidation election fraud scheme lately,

Jordan  43:14
just recently, yeah, sitting this one out is probably his best move.

Dan  43:17
Yeah, he owes a lot of money to the courts. Also fun fact, that documentary where they went to Minnesota and accused Ilhan Omar of being married to her brother. That documentary was produced by the website culture with three T's which Ali was heavily involved in. That site was owned by John Eisenman, who coincidentally was a producer of the bullshit documentary Alex's war which was definitely just a fair down the middle slice of life character study about an interesting guy

Jordan  43:41
that's what Greenwald said.

Dan  43:44
What a bunch of dorks Yep. Anyway. Oh, and rambling, talking shit. And then something a little chaotic happens.

Owen Shroyer  43:53
And I want to know not just from Alex and Holly what they think about this new breed of Republican but but Ollie quickly, what do you see going on with Pennsylvania now? Mehmet Oz has a large

Alex Jones  44:05
I gotta cut in. I got to cut him. We come right back to you. And Ali Alexander. Here in about 15 minutes. We're gonna simulcast right now with Steve Bannon, his live coverage of the election. Let's go ahead and take his feet until he introduces me to his show. Here we go.

Steve Bannon  44:19
Now, a five point lead and it shows you how great a candidate Vega was. She's pure Maga, right. Law enforcement have a ton of Karen, I want you to weigh in on the second congressional district in Virginia.

Dan  44:32
Oh, yeah. Cut Oh, and off so we can just listen to them not be ready to have you on Alex. Yikes. Where are your producers? Man? So Steve Bannon is not going to be on the show. No, they're going to have Alex interviewed on Bannon show and they're just gonna play that as if Bannon was on. Yeah, very different. Yeah. But yeah, they're not really in a rush to have Alex ah,

Steve Bannon  44:52
that sounds right. But 65% of the voted Democrat Lauria, a member of the January 6 committee is down 5544

Steve Bannon  45:00
because what happens when you focus on an issue that the American people don't care about? Tell us about that first justice. I'm gonna go to in a second but this is key.

Dan  45:07
No rush to get to Alex. Just kill them time. Yep, we'll get to but a minute but first tell us about this race. Do

Jordan  45:13
they know that Alex is what they have to know Alex is waiting and broadcasting on his show?

Dan  45:18
Yeah. And actually they're trying to go to him, but Alex's feed is fucked up. You could?

Steve Bannon  45:23
Oh, the irony. The irony. Yeah, listen to this. Okay, this is why we did the call opener on the warmer Hey, John's team. Is Denver control. Can you guys send audio or something? No, it's MSM, Mrs. coddled. That didn't have a chance. You know that.

Dan  45:45
She'd be mad at the crew. This is not good boy.

Jordan  45:48
Yeah. Dan, how am I going to get my people in $1.5 billion of debt tears. You know, what am I going to do? Their their audios? Bad. I can't hear him. Oh, boy.

Dan  45:59
Yep. Yep. So they tried to get this worked out. And the producer of Bannon show is audible on Alex's stream. And they're trying to get the video feed worked out. But Alex is feeding back the ban and show. Of course he does them. So they're like, fix the feed. And finally they get it. And Ben has Alexon I'm mad at this. Go to

Steve Bannon  46:20
Alex Jones right now. Alex, tell us what you're seeing. As you look at it.

Steve Bannon  46:23
Look at here across this battle map, particularly in your beloved state of Texas down there in the Rio Grande Valley in Texas. I love Texas, big life force. What

Alex Jones  46:32
do you say? Absolutely. I want to talk about Texas historically, it looks like it's going for Democrats. But as the night goes on, we always have gone red at least since the time of Dwight D. Eisenhower back in the 1950s. But what you said Steve is absolutely on target. We had the whole corporate media, big tech, the Democratic Party, the rhinos, the Neo cons, bullying the American people the last two years, trying to drive us to Michigan. This is a referendum against the power structure that the ragtag American people with red blood of a race, color and creed have come together and said, We want America back. We want our Republic. We don't want the leftist critical race theory and the transgenderism, and the open borders and the wars and the tyranny and the surveillance and the censorship. And so despite all the fraud, and all the rigging and all the Google manipulation and all the Facebook manipulation and all the Twitter manipulation, the pendulum is swinging back in a mighty mighty way. And no matter how much fraud they throw at us, they can't stop a red tsunami. And so I think we're gonna see a major, major victory tonight.

Dan  47:36
Alex is trying to make the most of his limited time the band is gonna give him and so you can hear him just jam every day. It's really, really there. Also, I wonder if Alex thought it was a red salami.

Jordan  47:48
Be a delicious one. Ah, little Teresa.

Dan  47:54
Boy. Yeah, I mean, like he's on this show for just a couple minutes. No. And it's just like catchphrases, man. It's ridiculous.

Alex Jones  48:02
And that's what this historic election is about is us rising to the challenge. Just like we beat Great Britain, an empire that never been defeated 250 years ago. That's the cost of the beginning of the Second American Revolution, intellectual, corporate, individual, free market, religious, spiritual awakening that is unstoppable Renaissance 2.0 1776 We're oh my god the answer. 1984 are you 76? And I'll see you in infowars.com.

Jordan  48:28
Did you have a stroke?

Dan  48:29
Take a breath. No

Steve Bannon  48:31
kidding you very much for coming on. We're gonna take a short commercial break. We had Karen Turk, Ed Henry, Stephen K. Bannon and entire team.

Dan  48:37
Yep. So just a couple of minutes there. And it's not a simulcast. It's just Alex appearing on banants Show. And Alex trying to maybe pretend Brandon's a guest on his Yeah. Brandon's not coming on Alex's stream if that if that's a Catch my drift. There's a power imbalance. Now

Jordan  48:52
it's very clear a little bit.

Dan  48:54
It's just Alex throwing out never ending run on sentences about the public's awake and how the globalist on the run and all these meaningless platitudes. It's tough to listen to since it's so clearly Alex trying to make the most of the very little time that he's being offered on a more relevant show than his own. Like he's hanging out with Ali Alexander Laura Loomer and Owen Shroyer, like this is not the it's clear. Yeah, I mean, difference.

Jordan  49:17
It is funny that we're dealing with tears. So obviously, you know, like, Alex is clearly subordinate to abandon. Ali Alexander clearly subordinate to Alex Harrison Smith is under the ground somewhere.

Dan  49:30
He went to bed. Yeah. He left, probably by this point already. Yeah, get him out him and Owen were supposed to be manning the big board. But I think that because Harrison had done his show in the morning, right? He'd been up since like, for something like Yeah, and so he they were like, you can go to bed he can do and have to stay. You can only do so much. Yeah. But to be fair, in terms of tears, you're right. Yeah, it's underground. Yeah. He doesn't show on Infowars that gets upwards of two 1000 Viewers, he is irrelevant. Yeah, he is non existent. But yeah, and you know, there's there's an interesting thing too and like Tim Poole has a stream that's going on, Alex, not welcome on that. That's not even a that's not even a consideration, right. Maybe he would be but he's not. He's not somebody the pool has on. Steven Crowder. He probably could be on that. He's been on Crowder show show. He's not no is not on there. Bannon has him on for a couple minutes. Charlie Kirk, not interested in talking to Alex nothing. Yeah, Alex is he's where he is. Boy, Rogen not coming nothing.

Jordan  50:40
Nothing for the rogue.

Dan  50:44
Boom. Oh, boy. So Oh, and had some more analysis. Gotta go back to the big board, big board and the analysis desk.

Owen Shroyer  50:51
phentermine is dominating here in the northeast, that is a blue mirage. My guess is all of these counties here in the Northeast in Pennsylvania will all end up being read by the end of the night. So the only chance I think that Fetterman is going to have here is just with so many overwhelming numbers in Philadelphia. In fact, guys pull up Philadelphia. This is the split I'm talking about in major cities here, Alex. And you can see this in almost every major city. I mean, Fetterman is getting a 91% clip in Philadelphia. I mean, that is absurd. I

Alex Jones  51:26
mean, it's the same thing with ball sack.

Owen Shroyer  51:29
Let's let's go ahead and do it. Guys. Let's let's go back. Let's go to the 2020 presidential election. Let's just see exactly what we're dealing with here. I do believe we're going to be okay in Pennsylvania once the Northeast votes are finalized. But guys, if we can go back in time to the 2020 election results, I'd like to see the numbers in Philadelphia County. And then as well in the 2016. If you guys don't have it, I can pull it up on my side screen over here. I don't know if you guys have that up right now. So let me just call it

Alex Jones  51:56
all you pull that up. Let me get a comment from Ali Alexander. We'll come back to you and then the Harrison Smith, Ali

Dan  52:01
Owens in for a really harsh Wake Up Call if he finds those numbers or is I'm not sure what Owen means when he says that Fetterman is dominating in the Northeast. He did great in the Northwest specifically Erie County but most of the north northeast counties in the state of Pennsylvania are pretty red districts. Wayne County, Susquehanna County and Pike County all went around or over 60% of Dr. Oz. But Fetterman had a good showing along the south east of the state including Philadelphia, and then up the eastern border to Allentown and a little bit further north. He did overperform in a number of red counties, but they all still went pretty strongly right. GOP

Jordan  52:40
right. I mean, I understand because of the world we exist in why it seems absurd for any candidate to get more than 90% of the vote, right? That's crazy, right? Within the context of now, but if you were to tell me that a TV doctor who lies to people for money is racing against a guy who works for a living doing literally anything, I would assume the guy who works for a living gets 90% over that instead of saying world in a sane world you know, Herschel Walker doesn't go to a runoff he doesn't do all the reasons Yeah,

Dan  53:19
all of that so maybe it's possible that there were like more democratic votes in Wayne and pike counties early on you know in the northeast of the state but it doesn't seem like that would have been like blowout numbers like oh one is saying right I don't really know what's going on here. I think he got the northeast and northwest mixed up that makes that's maybe that makes sense. But oh and except as their brand Oh in is in dangerous territory trying to look up 2020 and 2016 numbers

Jordan  53:47
he's going against all of the rules that we have given them don't look for the truth come on.

Dan  53:51
If the producers had any sway they'd be like don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't look at the numbers. Don't look at the numbers. Oh, no. But unfortunately he does find them no,

Owen Shroyer  54:01
no, here's what I'm seeing here. If consistency is what we're looking for, we're getting it in most of the areas actually in Pennsylvania, including the counties outside of Philadelphia that lean Democrat but you're not talking about ridiculous percentages in the past. So guys give me Philadelphia County here pull this up for me for a second. So this is the 2020 election result here. You had Joe Biden getting a I don't think this is Philadelphia County guys. Oh he Philadelphia County. I believe he had a I can't yet zoom in zoom in zoom in and zoom in there we go. Now give me Philadelphia County. I don't know why I can't get the Philadelphia County Hey, that's fine. I'll come over here guys can we come over and just put my screen I'm gonna get this right because this is a we got it. I got it right here. So here's what we have right now in Philadelphia County guys put put my screen up bad audio. The number for Fetterman is 91% Okay. 91% right now in Philadelphia, just ignore the rest of the counties and look at Philadelphia. Okay. 91% we're still early in the process. But let's go back 2020 Philadelphia County goes 81% For Biden. So that's ridiculous if you believe those weights, so that one's also believed that the Democrats snuck in 300,000 votes to believe as

Alex Jones  55:13
unpopular as he is, he's even higher, or feminists.

Dan  55:16
It's pretty amazing what just happened. They're like this, you really have to understand this. Oh, and thought he had a slam dunk point. So before looking into it at all, he pulled up a past election result from Philadelphia County, totally expecting them to be 60% or so Democrat way. Unfortunately, Biden won the county with over 80%, which makes the numbers that Fetterman was putting up not really look that weird. Oh, and has essentially debunked his own argument. So instead of just accepting reality, and that he was totally wrong about everything he's been saying, oh, and says that it was an 81% Biden win and 2020 because there was 300,000 Fake ballots. So it really was actually like a 60%. When if there

Jordan  55:55
is if there is any more perfect encapsulation. Perfect. It's It's just what it is. You are not going to argue out.

Dan  56:03
Yeah, at this point. Why even use that? Yeah. What's the point of bringing up the counts from past elections? If you're just gonna make up your own numbers anyway? It doesn't matter. Yeah, I understand and accept that other media outlets have a lot of fair criticism heading their way for their election coverage. But this isn't a different league. Yeah. If someone had CNN purporting to provide analysis on the election, made the fumble like oh, and just did and then they had to make shit up to try and save the ship. They would not have that job much longer. Yeah, not an Info Wars, though. No one even cares enough to try

Jordan  56:32
no Info Wars, if you say there's a conspiracy and then prove yourself wrong. Do you know what your answer to that is? I didn't know it was an even bigger conspiracy. Yeah, it's multi year conspiracy

Dan  56:43
get fired? If you don't keep.

Jordan  56:47
Just keep taking that. Oh,

Dan  56:49
yeah. Sort of election coverage version of posting your way through? Yeah, going, you'll get to the other side.

Jordan  56:56
What is so funny to me about all of this is that it doesn't get better for like, voter fraud isn't real argument than the status quo, just staying exactly the same after an election, you know, like, who is stealing elections to stay the same? To not win? You know, like, why are they both stealing? Well, it created a kind of equilibrium of everyone stealing so many, like,

Dan  57:21
I can actually answer this. Yeah. So to you, it seems like a homeostasis kind of thing. Yeah. It's a balance static it is. And maybe that is the case. And the reason that they steal elections to keep things static is because Alex and his crew are trying to take over the country and restore liberty. That would be a drastic thing that static pneus is actually preferable to to the globalist right. So they would prefer to steal elections in order to just keep things kind of going along. humdrum as opposed to Liberty rising. Sure.

Jordan  57:54
Interesting idea for them. Yep. It's a bad one. Yep. It's not a winning strategy.

Dan  58:01
No, no, it's kind of it's, it's something they would probably not want to articulate. Yeah, because it's so sound dumb. He really is. It is beneath like a lot of their theory. You

Jordan  58:11
know, sometimes when people are like, ah, the way we have to win is to lose, and you're like, maybe that's, I guess, a plan. This time. You're like, that's a really dumb plan. Sure. Yeah.

Dan  58:23
So oh, it looks a little bit more into the numbers coming out of Philly, or Pennsylvania's third district right around there and Philadelphia County and he declares this impossible.

Harrison Smith  58:33
I mean, they were stopped voting right now. GOP is actually up in nursing still owe us 40 seats. Democrats have 3916 of 35 seats have been called so far. So still some to go but GOP is up. We're not seeing the red barrage that they were predicting. It looks like they were completely off on this. And what did you just find? Own just got very excited about something.

Owen Shroyer  58:54
So get this. The clip for Shapiro in Philadelphia County is 94%. I'm sorry, guys. But that is impossible. In a district where you have hundreds of 1000s of voters, that is a sheer impossibility. So if that number doesn't balance itself out by the end of an explain

Alex Jones  59:14
to people Oh, and because you're explain what you just are talking about.

Owen Shroyer  59:19
So in, in Philadelphia County, this is where the Democrats stuff ballots, okay. They did it at 330 in the morning. On the 2020. Election Night. We all witnessed it. Why know about the vote Viagra, they normally win by 60%. In those last elections. The Democrats got 600,000 votes for Biden there. And I believe if we go back to Hillary Clinton was about 550,000 I think yeah. 584 So they're gonna have to get at least 600,000 votes for Fetterman and for Shapiro in Pennsylvania for them to win this race. But again, even those ridiculous numbers are coming in at 80% a 90%. that clip for Democrats in Philadelphia County plush is ludicrous. It's absurd. It's an impossibility.

Dan  1:00:08
Listen up. It's impossible.

Jordan  1:00:10
I don't understand if his own argument is they normally win these by 60 to 70%. Why ballot stuff at all?

Dan  1:00:20
Well, because the Mago Republicans are too powerful. They are going to overcome that 60 to 70%. Clip, as Owen likes to say, Sure. And so they have to they have to stuff the ballots in order to keep that 60 to 70%.

Jordan  1:00:36
Right. But if that were the case, then they would have won by 60 to 70%.

Dan  1:00:40
Maybe they overdid it. So that's

Jordan  1:00:43
the conspiracy. Oops, guys, we accidentally booked stuff too many

Dan  1:00:47
ballots, all stuff, all ballots. Look, the mules were drunk. tell you they went a little crazy.

Jordan  1:00:54
To tell you this. A big problem happened. The North Korean boat finally got there.

Dan  1:01:00
Maybe that's why Roger wasn't on. He was out investigating this boat, he had to get there. So Alex has another guest on. I'm telling you a big guns,

Alex Jones  1:01:10
entrepreneur Hernandez. And while you do the analysis, drill your host in the next 510 minutes. I'm not gonna interrupt you. I want you to be able to lay out what you're seeing what you think's going on. And we'll come back and look at Arizona in a moment.

Harrison Smith  1:01:23
Yeah, you got it. I mean, I think Arizona is definitely something we need to pay attention to. We still got time before all that information begins come out because I think what's been happening all day in Arizona, isn't embarrassed. You got

Dan  1:01:35
drew Hernandez, the baby reporter. He's on Tim Poole show, but he stepped out into the hall to call out five to 10 minutes. So at the time of my preparing this episode, Peter TEALS, candidate for the Senate, Blake masters was losing by 100,000 or so votes. But there's only 71% of the ballots counted. So there could be some motion there. Three of the House seats are safely won by the GOP and two by Democrats with four that were still up to be called right Carrie lake, a real dumb dumb is currently losing two Democrat Katie Hobbs in the governor's race, which also was only a little over 70% of the ballots. And I think the baby reporter drew Hernandez here is correct. They should keep their eyes on Arizona and then claim all of the results are fake when they don't like what they see. Yeah. It's a game that's being played here.

Jordan  1:02:22
Man, it is all you got to do. All you got to do is be on TV for a while. And then somebody's like, yeah, you could be in Congress. That's it. That's so it. That's all you need.

Dan  1:02:37
You gotta get on TV. I

Jordan  1:02:38
just don't know. I just don't know, man. I just don't know.

Dan  1:02:41
Yeah, it's unfortunate. Yeah. So Alex is going to predict something that he's been predicting for months, false flags.

Alex Jones  1:02:48
They're trying to suppress this red wave. But let's go back to false flag. They wouldn't have the FBI, they wouldn't have DHS, they wouldn't have the whole MSN BC crowd. They wouldn't have CNN, they wouldn't have big tech saying the Republicans are violent. They're gonna shoot and kill and blow stuff up. When they lose, they wouldn't have sold that whole narrative. If they weren't planning something. They're pre programming. It will talk to Mike Adams about that in a moment, but driven and as your take on that.

Caller 1 (746)  1:03:14
Well, it's either they will go forward with something like that, or they just leave it as a card that

Harrison Smith  1:03:19
they can play at anytime they want.

Dan  1:03:21
Oh, yeah. Okay, so maybe false flags are coming. Or maybe they're not, but they could ah,

Jordan  1:03:27
it's the classic 5050 chance it could happen or it could not happen.

Dan  1:03:31
It's genius stuff. Totally. Yep. Also, Mike Adams coming up. Oh, no. Well, what a fucking all star cast

Jordan  1:03:39
just can't escape any one of these names.

Dan  1:03:42
Every buddy is there. It's like Smash Brothers

Jordan  1:03:45
is it is the crossover event of the century.

Dan  1:03:50
And Alex got while Luigi,

Jordan  1:03:52
I'm telling you right now you have no idea. Up next ash catch him. Whoa. Yep. Now he's finally going to predict them. My next

Dan  1:04:01
guest, big hand. Oh, boy. I didn't play a lot of Smash Brothers. I don't know any other names here doing fine. Captain Falcon is joining us from Florida.

Jordan  1:04:13
That's a good one.

Dan  1:04:13
You got it. All right. Yeah. Falcon PUNCH the Ice Climbers.

Jordan  1:04:18
The Ice Climbers that was later on I think. I don't know. It's Fox Star Fox. Sure. What's his name? Kirby. Just Fox. Yep. Kirby Fox.

Dan  1:04:27
Nope. Kirby is another one though. Right?

Jordan  1:04:29
I don't know. I don't think so. Kirby Kirby the

Dan  1:04:33
circle? Yes. He was. Yeah. Oh, yes.

Jordan  1:04:37
There it was. Oh, wow. I forgot to probably

Dan  1:04:39
like one of the first from like, the super. The the 64. Well, yeah,

Jordan  1:04:43
cuz you could never get rid of him because he could float. Now. That was Jigglypuff

Dan  1:04:48
they're both in it. Oh, God. They're all there.

Jordan  1:04:50
I don't know anything. I don't know anything anymore. was Ali Alexander.

Dan  1:04:54
Yes. Yep. So I want to we're gonna get back to the car. vergeer But I just remembered something that I meant to say at the top of the show. And I think bears mentioning that is on our last episode about Alex's deposition, made fun of a little bit the doodling. Sure. And it's been brought to my attention that folks who have ADHD and such they sometimes it does help them focus to doodle. And that doesn't mean to be pejorative or make fun of folks who are who are in that, that Yeah, I mean, to me, they will believe that that's the case with Alex,

Jordan  1:05:28
it was just the juxtaposition of that in a deposition. You know, like when I'm talking to my, with my wife, she's an artist she's drawing all the time and it helps her focus energy has ADHD. So it all makes sense. Yeah,

Dan  1:05:39
I did not mean to malign anybody. No, of course, that's the case. For them. I just also don't think that's the case for Alex and other childish behaviors that he embodies also sort of factor into the way I was describing that so I'm sorry if anybody took that in a way that I did not intend. Yeah, we were not denigrating anybody. So now we get back to someone I do want to denigrate. That's Owen Shroyer, oh, yeah, he wants to tell people shits about to go bad with the left. And they're gonna get crazy. Sure. And you just got to keep your your steady.

Owen Shroyer  1:06:10
What the establishment and the American Left is about to go through and this psychotic break is going to be inexplicable. And I think we've learned a lot over the last couple of years about how to deal with the fraud, how to deal with the false flag. So I think we're more wise now to deal with it. But my message would just be when the American Left starts to have psychotic breaks, which I think we're about to see in mass across this country. And the establishment goes into its fits of rage. It's going to be very important that we maintain our calm and we maintain our steady they want to gaslight us out of that we need to maintain that balance. Because we are winning, we are taking the country and the planet back from these criminals. Now let me give you guys an update on where we stand right now. Huge good news. Herschel Walker is now in the lead. Great news.

Dan  1:06:56
Oh, my God maintain that steady. Oh,

Jordan  1:06:58
and, you know, I personally don't think that running with a ball is government material. And in fact, I would say this too, okay. In the in the 1600s, or whatever it was, I don't remember. Isaac Newton was in Parliament. They elected Isaac Newton to Parliament. You know why? He's a famous genius, right? He was not a good legislator. There's a different set of skills there.

Dan  1:07:22
And that's not to say that people who, like play sports even professionally don't have potential leadership. abilities. It is it is entirely possible. It just doesn't it's maybe not meaning part of the resume. But also Herschel Walker sucks. Yeah. Any number of reasons. Yeah. Whether or not he was a football player. I mean, yeah, seems to be a bad person. Wow. Anyway, Mike Adams, our guy is on. And he has a very ironic thing to say.

Mike Adams  1:07:54
If a political party were made up of rational, reasonable, humanity driven people Hellboy and they were to suffer the kind of defeat that Democrats are suffering tonight. They would engage in introspection, they would look at themselves and say, Well, what did we do wrong? What was wrong with our message? You know, where did we go wrong? How can we do better? How can we please the voters next time, but that will not happen with these Democrats. And the reason is, because they are sociopaths. They love to control you. They love to rule over you. They are authoritarians. They are tyrants, they are child molesters. They are satanists.

Dan  1:08:29
You dumbfuck stormed the Capitol. I

Jordan  1:08:31
mean, I don't know what else to say. Beyond it's been constant

Dan  1:08:35
talk for the last two years about the election being stolen and who stormed the Capitol.

Jordan  1:08:41
And not just that, but if you want to if you're sore losers, these Democrats are making that argument. Then what you are talking about was what happened in 2008 after Obama won by such a huge margin of victory. Everyone on the Republicans are all GOP operatives are like we need to have a an analysis of this election of Florida totally the whole thing and instead of being like, we need to appeal to more people. They were like, we should get more racist.

Dan  1:09:06
Yeah, that Tea Party shade is gonna be really helpful. This sociopathic response, right, yeah, right. Yeah. I just love the idea that like, when you lose an election, it is time to assess like we did in 2020. I mean, just insane. Cool, Mike. Yeah. So anyway, there's another mic that has been vindicated. And he's not Michael Jordan. Is not Michael B. Jordan Ankara. It's Michael Sandel. Oh,

Mike Adams  1:09:32
but you know, if anybody has been vindicated tonight, it's Michael Sandel because what he is right about is that voting machines

Alex Jones  1:09:42
because we've seen that's what the mail in ballots and all that which they still try, but then they double back on the machines. The sucker punches start over Mike Lyndale, massively vindicated.

Mike Adams  1:09:52
Michael Dell vindicated because the machines again, even if they're not maliciously programmed in any way whatsoever, just the fact that they can be taken offline. There can be problems, maintenance problems.

Dan  1:10:04
So Mike Lindahl is vindicated because sometimes machines don't work. Yeah. I don't think he's been vindicated. I mean, unless it's in the realm of pillow tech, then maybe he's been vindicated. I don't know. Maybe those are good pillows. I've never I've never

Jordan  1:10:19
Yeah. I don't see how it could possibly be worthwhile. Hashtag not my pillow. I don't know if a pillow could be comfortable enough for me to look past all of the other things. I don't know if that's a possible comfort. Yeah, you know what I'm saying?

Dan  1:10:35
Well, I mean, you're asleep half your life. That's true.

Jordan  1:10:38
Maybe it's that important could be.

Dan  1:10:41
So Alex has these guests on Ah, a there's a crew of losers. But he looks at it differently. Of course he does.

Alex Jones  1:10:49
Thank you so much, Mike Adams. Thank you, Alex. All right. I'm gonna give one of the smartest people I know. These are all smart people. I know. So I'm on the show. Already had Steve Bannon already had Mike Adams already had Hernandez on already had that Roger Stone coming up. We're gonna go to a quick break here. And we're gonna come back first break in the last six, seven hours. And we're gonna come back with Robert Barnes, constitutional lawyer, criminal lawyer, historian, good friend of mine.

Dan  1:11:14
All the smartest people Alex knows are idiots.

Jordan  1:11:17
I mean, wow, them.

Dan  1:11:21
So anyway, Barnes comes on. Yeah. And he's a little Alex is a little bit dramatic coming back from break. But I gotta say Barnes has a pretty boring but reasonable take Okay, on the election.

Wicked Witch of the West  1:11:37
This song is great. That is boring, reasonable

Alex Jones  1:11:39
on every level and they're attacking you. I expected Longo to already be dead. Their attacks are nothing. I'm exactly where I want to be in this fight. committed to this war. And I'm so proud of our viewers and listeners, who are the very blood of the resistance to tyranny. Your ancestors are proud of you that you're informed involved in to Dan and spreading the word now. Robert Barnes. What a historic day in Michigan analysis of how big the wave is, the outages, the bizarre behavior, and what's happening. You've got the floor my friend.

Caller 1 (746)  1:12:20
I think Republicans still have an excellent chance to take the house tonight. Also take the Senate tonight. Also take at least some governorships across the country that were in Democratic hands before tonight.

Dan  1:12:32
Pretty boring, but measured. Yep. Yeah, that sounds about right. Not over the top. Pretty just Barnes coming in with the hey, here's an answer to your question.

Jordan  1:12:41
Yeah. Yeah. And Alex has given that whole speech over what would amount to like the supervillain

Dan  1:12:47
music. Your ancestors are proud. That's

Jordan  1:12:51
that scar speech from The Lion King. Like that's the level of song we're choosing. We will punish that Whoopi Goldberg will be avenged.

Dan  1:13:02
Yeah, yeah. And also it's like keep saying all this stuff about like, these outrages like what what our shown anything, everything. lied about Philadelphia County. The best you've got? Yeah. Great. Yep. So a Barnes ism compliance.

Caller 1 (746)  1:13:21
I still like the chances of Adam Laxalt in Nevada. I still like the chances of Blake masters in Arizona. I still think when the night is done, and tomorrow. Now in Nevada, we're going to be counting ballots, I guess until Saturday or Sunday, apparently, welcome to Harry Reid's in Nevada and our current structure of voting.

Dan  1:13:39
Harry Reid died last year,

Jordan  1:13:41
I was pretty sure Harry

Dan  1:13:42
Reid was dead. I don't know what he has to do with this. I mean, he hasn't been in Congress since like, 2017. Yeah. I don't know. Well read the Harry Reid. Okay. Well, I know that like because of Harry Reid's involvement, and like some of that he was a target of iron during the Bundy stuff. Sure. Yeah. And so maybe it's just like lip service. You got to talk about Nevada, Harry, Harry.

Jordan  1:14:07
I mean, he's his operation in Nevada lasted for like 3040 years or something. So yeah. He's tough to forget.

Dan  1:14:14
Well, he is dead. Yeah, that's true. Probably has nothing to do with the counting of the ballots this

Jordan  1:14:18
this cycle, but I bet he voted. Rolling probably. Yeah.

Dan  1:14:22
So we got another guest. Announced that's pretty exciting.

Alex Jones  1:14:26
Amazing. Let me just say something I noticed they just did the Joe Rogan. Shining blood coming out of the elevators. Stanley Kubrick's daughter, a good friend of mine, Vivian Kubrick is here tonight. And sorry, what main member of the family that actually helped make some of the movies and worked with her dad, and she's an amazing rain. I've known her for about 14 years. 13 years or so, Stanley. She's here but she's making a long term documentary from 2016 and 2020. And then now and so I can't wait to see that down the road, a long term documentary calling Richard Linklater. Does like fall into kids of their life. So she's here and I'm roping her in, at Robert Barnes is done, we're gonna put her in the chair and interview Vivian Kubrick, but at the soundtrack for full metal jacket, and so much more, but he's, if she's

Dan  1:15:15
making a long term documentary that it all involves, like being at Infowars studio. I mean, it's gonna have to be completely detached from reality, like the stuff that you would have to have captured over the course of that time, the complete change in perspectives, the arguments falling apart the bullshit that people really believe in that they pretend they didn't believe in, like six months later. Like it's going to be like a really, it's going to be an editing challenge.

Jordan  1:15:45
Yeah. To make sense out of all of their lives, yeah, yeah, that's gonna be difficult to

Dan  1:15:51
see that though. It'll be more disorienting than 2001.

Jordan  1:15:54
I was thinking that what she's actually going to do is prove that the moon landing was fake. She really resents that, does she? Yeah, well, guess what? I resent everything she's ever done. So go fuck yourself.

Dan  1:16:05
You resent the soundtrack to Metal Jacket is pretty good. She doesn't like it when people accuse her father of being involved in faking the moon land. Well, I

Jordan  1:16:14
don't like it when she accuse people of voter fraud. Fuck her.

Dan  1:16:17
I don't know. Well, I think that she does believe that but she might not make those direct accusations on this episode five. But anyway, she's gonna be coming up. But first more Barnes

Caller 1 (746)  1:16:28
critically along the way that the tip of the spear throughout this entire process. The only thing that made any Republican victories tonight possible. The only thing that made any resistance to the warmish machine possible.

Caller 1 (746)  1:16:41
The only thing that made any opposition to the lockdowns and the mask mandates and the school shutdowns and, and the fourth vaccines and the dangerous gifts if I made any resistance to it possible was people continuing to support Infowars Despite the massive lawfare being waged against Infowars.

Dan  1:17:00
The only thing that has facilitated or enabled first of all any Republican victories in the midterms and any opposition to any democratic labeled thing, right, you given money to Alex?

Jordan  1:17:13
Yeah, I think Barnes saw Alex's mood and was like, I bet if I give this guy a hand job, he'll feel a little bit better.

Dan  1:17:19
I think Alex enjoyed it a bit, but not enough to keep him around much longer because I was just gonna bail here pretty soon. But before that, there's a little bit of news about Alex's court case. Okay. And Alex wants to address it, but he doesn't talk about himself much does not cover himself. It's not his style. No, no, he hates it when he comes up in a new cycle.

Jordan  1:17:41
He's the tip of the spear. It's about the sphere, not the tip. Right. Yeah.

Alex Jones  1:17:46
As you'll see the judge I meant to cover it today. But I don't cover myself that much. The judge said in court yesterday it's just pull this up this time and Alex Jones it'll be on the top of Google judge says is 2.7 5 trillion enough to deter Jones from the bad things he's doing which are all made up and insane. I watched

Dan  1:18:07
that hearing knows because of norm it was because of norm saying that no amount of money. Alex that

Jordan  1:18:14
was that was norm. Norm was trying

Dan  1:18:18
to sort of facilitated by his own lawyer instigated

Jordan  1:18:21
now he's he was basically daring them to give me 2 trillion.

Dan  1:18:27
Yeah, not quite what he was doing, saying it shouldn't be really high because no amount of money would be enough. Shut up out. Why even make it really high? But yeah, Alex's apparently. Yeah,

Jordan  1:18:39
what I mean, that is a little bit of a dare. If you say no amount of money will stop him. We'll see. Yeah, we'll find out what Wait,

Dan  1:18:45
so Alex is not really feeling this all too much. He's gonna bail here pretty soon.

Alex Jones  1:18:51
And by the way, Barnes you've been successful for decades, but I mean, you've really a superstar now and you're a little mean to me, You're hard to get on these days. So in the next few days, come on, at least for 3040 minutes with the aftermath of this. In fact, tell the producers when you're coming on either Wednesday, Thursday or Friday, because you better come on. And I love you and I appreciate you and your brother and you're so awesome. Thank you because I mean when I'm listening to barnes he's like completing my sentences where he says it and he's not listening to me we just are like insane it's amazing. So Robert Barnes we love you come back on soon we're gonna go to Owen Shroyer and only Alexander for about 10 minutes and Vivian Kubrick in studio straight ahead and then after that, I'm gonna let all the callers on with Owen and Ollie right through till 2am or as long as they want to go, you're alive. We're doing a ton of calls earlier. Your calls are coming up. We'll be right back. Stay with us Nicky Barnes.

Dan  1:19:44
They did not take a ton of calls earlier and Alex is basically checked out because this has not been exciting for him but nothing's really happening. He was kind of a little energized when Owen was doing the Philadelphia County stuff early on, but that ran out of steam It was a fail, but now he has kind of a celebrity and Kubrick's daughter, I suppose. So he's like, I'll do that. But then I'm going home. Yeah, fuck this. Yeah, you guys take calls? Why wouldn't you? Yeah, there's

Jordan  1:20:11
no reason to be there.

Dan  1:20:12
So But Alex is trying to go to break here. But he he's caught off guard by some shirt.

Alex Jones  1:20:19
Your calls are coming up. We'll be right back. Stay with us Nicky Barnes. Hello. All right. Well, what's oh, we're gonna play this first. Okay, stop, stop. We got to have audio back it up. No, no, we're gonna get to it. Now hold on. We were gonna just when we came back to the guys, but no, we'll play it before and after. So crank up the footage of the judge in Connecticut and the lawyers. This is really really important. Let's go ahead and do this actual footage yesterday at the hearing with a judge where she says he's seizing all my assets here. Let's play this actually.

Wicked Witch of the West  1:20:56
Finished when you take your army to the haunted Boston bring me that girl and her dog don't you like with the others, but I want her alive and I'm worth it.

Jordan  1:21:07
I get it. Yep, I got it. Nailed it. Did he call Barnes a cutie pie?

Dan  1:21:14
I don't think I don't know what that was in reference to. I don't know what that was. I've tried to I tried to like go back and like try really isolated. I got no idea. I think he might have like, maybe his wife or somebody is there. I don't know possible. Maybe Harrison. Maybe Barnes is a cutie pie. Could be good, man. But yeah, that joke. He has used that joke a lot. Yep. It is tired. Yeah. You need to shelve it.

Jordan  1:21:43
He keeps doing the same thing to me keeps doing the Wicked Witch. Yeah.

Dan  1:21:47
Oh, and they so many witches. Oh, and this clip plays along. Oh, man. It gets into like, I think it even goes into another scene. Oh, like it just goes and plays. There's so

Jordan  1:21:57
many ways to go. You could go with hocus pocus. That would be a good one. Hocus

Dan  1:22:01
Pocus too.

Jordan  1:22:03
Yeah, that's right. They could go with a more modern hocus pocus.

Dan  1:22:08
You could go with what's another Witch movie. I mean, Macbeth. Obviously any episode of Sabrina the Teenage Witch. Sure.

Jordan  1:22:14
That's a good one. Witch finders. Sure. Yeah. Ah. ghost writers. Now I'm just naming childhood TV shows mine goes writer, writer with a W you get it? No,

Dan  1:22:27
I know. But it's not ghost writers. It's just writer. Oh, singular.

Jordan  1:22:31
Apologies. Yeah.

Dan  1:22:33
Come on. I watched that. All right. So Alex has his big marquee guests on Oh, we've got Vivian Kubrick, daughter of Stanley. And Amanda Miletus. Who is the director of that plot against the president movie, right, which is a shitty piece of Trump propaganda. Right? And also little fun fact. That document or that plot against President Ah, that was produced by John Eisenman and some of the other producers who made Alex's war. So yeah, it's all it's all. It's all connected also, I mean, if you forgot from earlier in our episode, that guy John Eisen also was involved in sending Alexander Laura Loomer, Jake wall to Minnesota to claim that Ilan Omar was married to a brother, you know what it's called? What synergy and just fucking above the board straight, fact based, unbiased, dispassionate documentary filmmaking.

Jordan  1:23:32
If you're a producer, who's on your fourth live documentary, you're you're going all right.

Dan  1:23:37
So anyway, they're on.

Alex Jones  1:23:39
We're going to come back to you guys here in about 30 minutes. We're going to be also talking to a very, very special guest in studio. And Amanda Millis, another special guest, who contacted me and wanted to come on in about 30 minutes. She's a great filmmaker in her own right and her dad wrote and helped make Apocalypse Now. The Dirty Harry. Conan the Barbarian. I mean, John Millis? Wow, we've got these daughters of these icons here who are amazing their own right, but I gotta say, Who eclipses John melas? Well, Stanley Kubrick. We've got his daughter here, who I drafted to come on. He's got her camera. She wanted to have it still alive and get this on air. You got her headset, everything else. And of course, she is Vivian Kubrick, who was the protege of the greatest film director ever. Hands down. Stanley Kubrick. Great to have you here. I've known you for 15 years or so. You're amazing. So a picture of

Dan  1:24:33
Vivian Kubrick with her headlamp and gear on went viral on Twitter. And I think it was Ben Collins tweeted it and it was like things are going well over on Infowars. And it is kind of a surreal image for someone with a head camera on Yeah. But I think it was unfair. That context was absent from it that like you know, it makes sense. It's not as insane as it seems. Right. I think it was a fine ship. Based on Ben Collins Park, I think it might have given the impression that things were like more out of control on Infowars than they really work. Right.

Jordan  1:25:07
But that's Infowars fault not, you know,

Dan  1:25:10
I mean, it makes it's their fault that it's very easy to believe exactly.

Jordan  1:25:14
It's a boy who cried wolf.

Dan  1:25:15
That's right. I mean, like, there was that time when Alex had a llama in studio and that hatchet apology wasn't hammer

Jordan  1:25:23
pleasant hammer play. I'm sorry. Once you get to hammer fucking now I'm lost. Yeah, yep. So Vivian.

Dan  1:25:29
Big fan of Infowars.

Vivian Kubrick  1:25:32
Thank you, Alex. I have to say, being on Infowars is sort of a bit like, my dream job Drew. Yeah. Seriously, I have been such a fan. I'm going to put this down right now. Hang on a sec. Yeah. I've been such a fan of Infowars, probably for 18 years now. And I would say that it's that pedigree that allows me to say that you truly have been so truthful, correct, accurate, and on the ball way, and far and beyond anybody that's ever reported on what's actually going on on this planet?

Alex Jones  1:26:04
Well, I've tried to be tried to be translated but made mistakes. But overall, I really appreciate you.

Vivian Kubrick  1:26:09
Well, thank you. I just want to also say that everyone here at info was, I mean, I can tell you from being around here a little bit, that everybody is extremely dedicated to what they're doing that almost as, as extreme as Alex, in many ways, in their dedication to getting out the actual truth of what's going on on some more extreme, but yes. But what I do want to really underline is that you have to have lived, listen to Alex all his shows, all the things that he's said over the years, to really understand how much he does so much more and speak so deeply about things far and away than these ridiculous caricatures that there's the mainstream media has put out about him of him sort of screaming. I mean, he does scream. There is no question about that. But you know, he, you could say he's an imperfect messenger. But what he has done is I would say this is, I'm sure, absolutely accurate. You have spearheaded the truth movement on this planet.

Dan  1:27:10
Wow. That's, I mean, look, I do agree with her premise slightly, that the picture of Alex as a cartoon character who yells is not accurate. But I would say he's much worse and dumber and more malicious than the character and she's saying that he's so insightful and speaks to deep truths. Yeah. And I think that's horseshit. And I say that with the pedigree of somebody who's almost at 750 fucking long podcast episodes, analyzing him, and almost six years of my life spent watching his dumb shit. Yeah.

Jordan  1:27:42
Yeah. Interestingly enough, you're far more like Stanley Kubrick than she is

Dan  1:27:47
maybe I mean, look, he's sort of curmudgeonly, right? He was a little bit of a,

Jordan  1:27:51
he was a notorious perfectionist and workaholic.

Dan  1:27:55
I'm a workaholic. I'm not sure I'm a perfectionist. Yeah. If I was I would not allow Alex to be involved in any of my work. That's a very good point. Oh, maybe it's an imperfect. It's a perfect imperfection.

Jordan  1:28:06
I would say, just from my perspective on having, you know, this is anecdotal, I will say, but maybe society would be better off if we didn't give a fuck what the kids of talented people thought, or did well, I

Dan  1:28:20
think she has some sort of Bona fie days and her own creative.

Jordan  1:28:27
No, I'm fine. Whatever.

Dan  1:28:29
I'm not, I don't know enough, really about her entire resume. But the resume that is thrown around is all stuff that kind of involves her dad. But but she didn't, you know, is a composer and has made the score for some of these things. And she has

Jordan  1:28:44
a nepotism has always worked out in the past. Look, I mean, that's why kings make sense. Well,

Dan  1:28:50
I think that nepotism is a little bit rare. But at the same time, just because you're the child of someone really artistically brilliant, doesn't mean that you aren't going to be true, artistically talented in your own right.

Jordan  1:29:05
Nicolas Cage. Sure, yeah. Boom. I understand. But I would say that there's probably a lot more of the ones that didn't work out like Nicolas Cage. Yeah, probably.

Dan  1:29:14
Probably. I think that it's fine to say that she does have artistic merit of her own accord. I'm, I'm fairly comfortable saying that. Now, is she on a level even close to Stanley Kubrick? I would say no, I'm gonna go with no, yeah, yeah, I'm gonna go with no and imagining that were she has any kind of gravitas approaches? That is a little bit silly.

Jordan  1:29:40
I think she did use also sproc there. Zehra. Wait, did she compose the Spoke Zarathustra? Is that what happened wasn't

Dan  1:29:48
2001 it was full metal jacket. So she thinks that we're coming coming to something big here. Sure.

Alex Jones  1:29:55
And and what do you make of the time we're living in right now? Vivian Kubrick.

Vivian Kubrick  1:29:58
Um, I would say that We are at an almost biblical climax of human history. And that when people sort of think that, you know, our viewpoint, I would say your mind on everyone here, our viewpoint is somehow extreme. It's because that's how much you don't realize you've been mind controlled. And it breaks my heart. I want humanity to win. And right now we seem to have true enemies, real enemies of humanity running the world. And whether it's extraterrestrials or whether it's just goddamn horrible psychopaths.

Alex Jones  1:30:36
It's definitely our threshold. And I'm sorry what?

Dan  1:30:39
That's definitely extraterrestrial. How

Jordan  1:30:40
do you get to say that? Oh, demons

Dan  1:30:42
probably extraterrestrial. Also, man, think about mark when Alex scolded someone in 2,003%. Damn, yeah, he's letting her say god damn the

Jordan  1:30:50
whole thing. God, the Lord's name in vain. He's not gonna like that. Now he's gonna be furious.

Dan  1:30:57
So one of the things that I've enjoyed is over the years, Alex has mentioned knowing Stanley Kubrick's daughter and he's had some inside baseball, but some of the shit that she's told him shout about Kubrick's life. Yeah, this is so fucking funny.

Alex Jones  1:31:13
And you talk about sci fi connection. I remember when I was like a teenager, being loving Stanley Kubrick movies and like, Wouldn't bought a book the library or got a book, I'm gonna write library somewhere. And it was talking about the CIA came to him. I don't know if it's true. I'm asking you now. And said, How do you know about the code or the big juice? How do you know about side R? And you what you told me 15 years ago or so was? Your dad literally envisioned it? Like he was? He was a remote viewer?

Vivian Kubrick  1:31:44
No, let me just say something. I think I think at the time that we had this discussion, we were both drinking a lot. So I don't quite remember that.

Jordan  1:31:54
I was fucking with you. Because we were still faced?

Dan  1:31:57
No, I think that she said something. And then Alex just took his own story from share, probably because she explains that they're just talking about Dr. Strangelove and the design of the control room or whatever. And the CIA did call or the government called and asked like, how did you come up with that? Right, right. And he didn't it was a someone else on the crew. Yeah, that made the design of this. Yeah, this area, but Alex has created this entirely of cloth or story out of it. That is a remote viewer it naturally he psychically knew the fuck off.

Jordan  1:32:31
I resent her being like, oh, it's extra terrestrial in nature, the government of people trying to murder us and then being like, hey, let's calm it down about this story. Okay, that has

Dan  1:32:41
to do directly with a story about her dad, right. Probably would like to correct the record, right? He's not remote viewer. No. So she is also into David Icke, along with Alec, I

Jordan  1:32:53
resent this. Well, really?

Dan  1:32:53
You're gonna resent him? I'm gonna resent the rest of this clip.

Alex Jones  1:32:57
Let's talk about Vivian Kubrick. Now, I know. What do you make of the world today? And just what's happening?

Vivian Kubrick  1:33:06
What's happening is that the spirit beings that we are, are being sorely tested. And whether it's in order to learn lessons as the eternal beings that I believe we are. Or it's the biggest test that we've ever gone through, because there's every reason to suspect that we could get trapped here. And you know, David Icke has this idea of a simulation. I think we should all have ideas about what could be happening, but the main thing is we actually have to push back, be brave, be fearless, because the people attacking us, they only have courage because they have money. And they have I'm sure. What was it like? Blackwater? Those military guys? Yeah, mercenaries. You know, they've got people to protect them.

Dan  1:33:50
Alex doesn't like this because he has a lot of money he has.

Jordan  1:33:54
He's got a lot of mercenaries to protect him.

Dan  1:33:56
Yeah. Describing Alex. Yeah, almost perfectly. Yeah.

Jordan  1:33:59
That's why he's courageous. Because he has a lot of money and so much money and

Dan  1:34:03
X Blackwater people who are on his payroll to protect him. Yep. Great. Just like I would love to show Vivian a picture of Alex outside the courthouse in Austin with like, 10 security guards. Guards. Yeah, I think he's so brave now. Yeah. So anyway, Amanda Melius is on and she's she's just there for like, two minutes. She's on the phone. And she's with a guy named Daniel who may be her husband or something. I don't know. But he anyways, he's involved to stop a steal pretty heavily. And it's cool because, like her associations with the producers of Alex's War documentary, it just shows like how aboveboard and unbiased character study really of Alex that documentary was,

Jordan  1:34:46
it's impossible for a group of tight knit people like that to make something that wouldn't portray Alex in the you know, correct light, you know, any corruption would not happen. Of course,

Dan  1:34:58
no, definitely not. Yeah. So anyway, we're gonna skip past that a little bit and just go to Alex Sam some stupid shit.

Alex Jones  1:35:06
Let me say, let me say this, we got Roger Stone coming up, you're gonna be covered with Olly Alexander. And kicking off at 8am. Tomorrow, we're gonna have Harrison Smith, myself at 11am, you at 3pm. They said this would take days with their sneak attack ballots that were holding back, but they the real sneak attack was the voting machines crashing in all the key districts.

Dan  1:35:31
So what you see here is Alex articulating that the conspiracy he had primed his audience for didn't match the situation that was playing out, he was expecting for there to be a giant red tsunami, as he's said a ton of times on this stream. And then late in the evening or early morning, the margins would narrow and he would then claim that it's the result of a ton of fake ballots being pumped into the boxes. This matches pretty closely with the conspiracies laid out by Alex and folks like Michael and Dell about the 2020 election. And Alex was preparing his listeners to watch this stream under the pretense that this was what they were going to see again.

Jordan  1:36:02
Yeah, it was the 2020 election too, right? Yeah, yeah, the 2020

Dan  1:36:06
however, the GOP who was underperforming or even early in the night, so this whole game just doesn't play. If Republicans are losing Arizona, and so many of these races are really close to this early, then the predetermined storyline isn't really going to fly. This is Alex thinking on his feet and coming up with a new framework for the audience to use to claim that the election was being stolen, namely that it was machines breaking down in key districts, that's to blame. Keep in mind that Alex has not proven in any way that machines are broken down in key districts, nor is even illustrated it poorly. The closest thing was that one color from before Alex was even there. That was there's too much humidity in Oklahoma. And no matter where he was in Oklahoma, that was not a key district. This is a good illustration of why fact checking doesn't really matter in terms of opposing someone like Alex, he just manufactures whatever reality is most convenient for him and allows him to tell the stories he wants to tell and that he knows will be most profitable to tell his audience or respect for reality's existence is a requirement for having your facts checked. And Alex doesn't give a shit about that. It's the same thing. Same dynamic that was a play with Owen trying to check the past results in Philadelphia County, it doesn't matter, you're just going to come up with a new story that under undergirds the point that you want to make,

Jordan  1:37:21
right? Because the the central idea that they're expressing is I'm right. And then if you come up with information that shows they're wrong, you just need to re enter that information in a way that shows that I'm even more right than you.

Dan  1:37:35
Yeah. If that involves making something up entirely.

Jordan  1:37:39
That's the best way to do it. Yeah, you can't even argue with me. I made it up.

Dan  1:37:43
So Alex is going home and he sounds a little rough. Oh,

Alex Jones  1:37:47
oh, and we're living in a globalist dictatorship. And I'm out of my sports jacket. I'm about to go home, go to sleep. I'm gonna come back tomorrow, live coverage. But Biden said the terrorists Republicans are gonna blow stuff up when we when they have now stolen the election. They're going to false flag. We now know what's about to happen. They cannot let loose of power. And so we're at the next level this fight we got to be peaceful, that expose these monsters. That's one of the machines and key battleground areas all shut down. They have done it again. They have stolen the election, they may let Republicans win the house. But they're they they are they this is a dictatorship.

Dan  1:38:26
So this isn't that much later than the other stuff. Like he went from zero to drunk, like real fast.

Jordan  1:38:33
I have setting the slurring, the pronunciations are Wow, that happened quick got a lot of paper cups rolling around, got the last Solo cups hanging out underneath that desk.

Dan  1:38:45
He might I don't know what the deal is. Maybe he was thinking like, I'm gonna be in this for the long haul, then things weren't working out. And so he's like, God, just fucking get drunk, go home. But whatever the case, he sounds rough. Yeah. Now I don't really fully know if Roger Stone does show up after Alex left, because I'm not gonna watch eight hours of Ali taking call. But I did listen for a little bit longer to see what was going on. Here's just our last clip of Ali being real dumb.

Ali Alexander  1:39:14
You know, let me go ahead and declare this. Let me go ahead and declare this. We live in a banana republic. I say that with certainty. I say that with conviction. And I say that we can establish that as a matter of fact, we live in a banana republic. Infowars, which I used to think was cringe years ago at the beginning of my career. And now I've like, you know, these are my ride or die brothers, because I'm broke. I'm glad I'm on this side.

Dan  1:39:38
Yeah, I understand the image that Ali is trying to evoke with the term Banana Republic, but I don't think he actually knows what that means. He just thinks it's a place that's subject to colonialism like to say that the Democrats have colonized the US but that's not what a banana republic is. Very specifically, a banana republic is characterized by being a country whose economy is solely dependent on exporting its own natural resources. Typically this involves a single resource. That's the basis of the economy, like the bananas were in Central American countries like Honduras and Guatemala, when they were under the sway of giant American fruit companies. You could make the argument that the way that those large corporations held so much political power based on their control over a single resource that this country's economy relied on, it's similar to how many of the giant companies in the US have outsized political influence due to their involvement in things like the energy markets, but I don't think that's a conversation ally or anyone at Infowars really wants to have because at the end of the day, they err on the side of those big corporations. What he's saying makes no sense but look, Ally's just trying to have a big dramatic moment but it comes off as a little bit cringy bro hang out with your ride or die.

Jordan  1:40:45
Why are we map fascist can't use a slang terms like that. It's it's annoying. cringe. I know. And I'm not even a fascist.

Dan  1:40:57
I just think is a little dumb. I think. Honestly. I've watched a lot of Info Wars election night coverage there debate night coverage. And a lot of times there's a lot more fireworks. This was who

Jordan  1:41:12
Yeah, it was DOA. Yeah, it was I think that was a weird night. And especially just because the polling like the day before, once you got to like, here's everybody's polling information. It was all like the margin of error is four points that could go either way. It is It was literally like, Okay, tomorrow night, the Dems might be up by four or the Republicans could have won everything. Yeah. And instead, everything started happening. And we were like, this is going to be exactly the same tomorrow, forever.

Dan  1:41:42
Yeah. And I think that if Alex wasn't on if he didn't need money and need to do a telethon, and if he wasn't on bannings thing, like, I don't even understand the premise of doing this. Like there was no unexciting on it. But Ali Alexander Laura Loomer, Drew Hernandez popped in while he was on a break from Tim Poole. You had Mike Adams, Robert Barnes. Maybe Roger showed up after Alex left. Like it's nothing.

Jordan  1:42:09
It was what I felt like it was going through the motions. Yeah, like they felt obligated to do a live stream.

Dan  1:42:15
Let me know who I agree with you. Except for Owen with the big map. Okay, that's fair. That was ambitious. That was

Jordan  1:42:22
him really trying. That really was Yeah. It was no, no, no, no,

Dan  1:42:27
it was him, given the appearance. Sure. trying really hard to give the appearance of trying.

Jordan  1:42:32
I meant I meant if it was his idea if but it can't possibly have been. Oh, and wasn't the one who was like, let me go to a board. Now. Well, maybe

Dan  1:42:40
maybe. I mean, it's optics. It's it's creating the appearance of being like a big boy show. Yeah,

Jordan  1:42:45
maybe he was auditioning for anyone who might hire him after he leaves Infowars and that's cute. Yeah, and Korean and and he's a cutie pie. Oh, crunchy pie. Yeah, if you will. So

Dan  1:42:54
anyway, we come to the end of this, and I don't know, midterms did what they did. And Alex did what he did. And

Jordan  1:43:01
it's great. We'll see you tomorrow.

Dan  1:43:07
Or website.com. We're

Jordan  1:43:10
also on Twitter. We are on Twitter. It's at dollar just go fight back. But

Dan  1:43:14
until then, I'm going to do I'm DZX Clarke. Doot doot Doot doot Doot doot. What have you read the WikiLeaks? You gotta read that shit.

Caller 1 (746)  1:43:22
gotta read that. And now here comes the sex robots.

Alex Jones  1:43:25
Andy in Kansas, you're on the air. Thanks for holding.

Wicked Witch of the West  1:43:29
Well, Alex, I'm a first time caller. I'm a huge fan. I love your work. I love you.
