Alex Jones  00:04
Red Alert. Red Alert running knowledge five days Damn, Jordan I'm sweating knowledge parties.com It's time to pray and I have great respect for knowledge like knowledge I'm sick of them posing as if they're the good guys shank me or the bad guy knowledge Dan and Jordan knowledge five need money Andy and pansy can do your shopping Andy and Cam handy in Kansas. And he started the fray Andy in Kansas you're on the airplane for huge fan I love your work. Knowledge by knowledge fight.com

Dan  00:59
Hey everybody, welcome back. I'm John Wick up dudes. Like sit around worship at the altar of saline and talk a little bit about Alex Jones. Oh,

Jordan  01:07
indeed. We are Dan Jordan Damn. Quick question for you.

Dan  01:11
Today but my braids, but today Jordan as we continue the 2022 serial adventures. I have been made aware that there's a new captain crunch.

Jordan  01:23
There. All right.

Dan  01:24
And when I heard about this, I said you're crazy for this one Captain Crunch. Oh, what is it? You're out there? What is it? It is a chocolate caramel Captain Crunch.

Jordan  01:33
I'm sorry. What? It's not good. No. How could it be? Yeah, it's it's it tastes bad. And also it tears your mouth into shreds. Right?

Dan  01:42
Well, yeah, I've been the concept of it is no one was asking for this.

Jordan  01:45
No one was asking for that. No, no, bizarre. No, no.

Dan  01:49
There's just like Cocoa Puffs. And then I guess the Captain Crunch pieces are like sort of caramel ish, but they're not really. And I realized as I was eating it, if this was more caramel, it'd be worse. Oh, yeah. So yeah, I mean, it's my own fault. I bought it right. So it wasn't good. But anyway, I appreciate the effort.

Jordan  02:07
It's almost like what they should have done if they were going to do that. It's almost like what they should have done is gone with a caramel corn kind of angle. That's like a sweet corn. Absolutely. Yeah, you've got maybe a little chocolate dusting on some of them you got maybe a little caramel coating on the other is like a like a popcorn situation. You know I'm saying

Dan  02:27
yeah, and it feels maybe a little more autumnal so maybe you have like more of a seasonal that's good. Yeah, look, it sucks. It's not good. Yeah,

Jordan  02:36
we have notes.

Dan  02:38
I mean, why not? Just make crab that makes more sense. Captain Crunch is of the scene. barnacle flavor go for it.

Jordan  02:49
He genuinely interesting angle to take weirdos. Crab and crunch

Dan  02:54
seawater flavored. It makes her milk all salty and tastes like Brian.

Jordan  03:00
Yeah, I like it. My bright spot is I found out so so some people texted me that Jordan Peele you know, being Jordan Peele for sure. You know, the quality of other Jordan stuff. He's worked right. He put a show called Quiet part loud. What? Yeah. How funny is that? You Oh, no, no, no, it's a horror podcast or something. Right? But but it's not I don't care. What's funny to me is because I didn't even think about this, but somebody texted me that and then the other No, two days ago, the thought occurred to me like oh, oh, there had to have been people who accidentally found my book based upon that oh the Jordan and the name exactly. Yeah, there had to have been so I imagine

Dan  03:54
he might be higher in search results.

Jordan  03:58
Oh way higher way higher. What's funny to me about it all right, is that I don't I didn't pay for the analytics on the Squarespace or whatever. But it does show you if there's been a huge bump in traffic or not. Yeah the day it was released huge spike in traffic a

Dan  04:15
bunch of people did. Now whether or not they read it, downloaded it

Jordan  04:22
they could not have possibly but what it makes me laugh Do you made a lot of people say well, no, that's what is so funny to me is they looked at that and they're like, What the fuck is this?

Dan  04:33
Wow, this is gonna Jordan peels gonna sue this guy? Ya know,

Jordan  04:37
Jordan peels got this guy on the ropes. Well, congratulations

Dan  04:40
on increased traffic. No, that's not what I'm laughing at.

Jordan  04:44
But yes,

Dan  04:45
so today we have an episode to go over. Yeah. We did not have an episode on Friday. Although we did mean to we did attempt to and the situation was that Alex has been out of studio. Sure. I was waiting for him to reemerge. lunch right from tea Day special of some sort. Yeah but now he was a he stayed true to his word of not working. Proud of the app so he took another vacation was at a studio all week and left Owen Shroyer in charge of the ship II. And so that made things a little bit tough. And now we arrived back here on Monday's episode and Alex is still been out of studio and I decided that what we should do is go back and look at a little bit of the stuff that happened over the course of the especially the beginning of the week. And see the response to the club cue shooting. Yeah, Colorado Springs. Yeah, I feel like that is worth touching on and seeing how they covered it. Even though it wasn't Alex himself. It was Owen Shroyer, who is leading the charge in the studio. And so yeah, that's what we're gonna look at here. We're gonna talk a bit about November 20 and 21st Boy,

Jordan  06:00
we're gonna hear some Owen

Dan  06:01
Yep, we're gonna get droid Oh, God, I'm doing the droids you're

Jordan  06:06
too. All right. Yeah, if you do shreds your testicles do shrink as well. So

Dan  06:12
I'm having droid, right? Yeah,

Jordan  06:14
well, I'm about to.

Dan  06:16
So we'll get down to business on this. But Jordan first let's take a little moment say hello doesn't do walk. So let's read it. So first, you are not nor will you ever be a policy walk. Nevertheless, you are now a policy walk.

Alex Jones  06:27
I'm a policy wonk. Thank you very much.

Dan  06:29
Next Alex's motherfucking pauses sometimes make me think my bluetooth speaker got unpaired from my phone. Thank you so much. You are now policy walk.

Alex Jones  06:36
I'm a policy.

Jordan  06:37
Thank you very much. Appreciate the motherfucking I love it. I appreciate it.

Dan  06:41
It was it was interesting to work into the rhythm. Next smelly we bucket of pooper thank you so much. You are now policy wonk.

Alex Jones  06:49
I'm a policy wonk.

Dan  06:50
Thank you very much next to everyone in my gym thinks I'm insane because I listened to you whilst whilst I'm working out and end up giggling nonstop. Thank you so much. We're now policy. Well, I'm a policy.

Jordan  07:02
Thank you very much. So your wife's WildStar. We'll see your whilst there. Will.

Dan  07:07
And we got a couple of technocrats here in the mix Jordan. So first ritualistic satanic barbecue sauce. Thank you. You're now a technocrat. And I listened to 200 episodes in two months. And all I got was this lousy walk drop. Thank you so much. You're now a technocrat.

Alex Jones  07:21
I'm a policy wonk. I have risen above my enemies. I might quit tomorrow. Actually. I'm just gonna take a little break now. A little brachii from me. And then we're going to come back. And I'm going to start the show over.

Unknown Speaker  07:39
But I'm the devil. I gotta be daring on air.

Alex Jones  07:43
Fuck you. Fuck you. I got plenty of words for you. But at the end of the day, Fuck you and your new world order. And fuck the horse she wrote in on and all your shit. Maybe today's broadcast. Maybe I'll just be gone a month, maybe five years. Maybe I'll walk out of here tomorrow. And you never see me again. That's really what I want to do. I never want to come back here again. I apologize to the crew and the listeners yesterday that I was legitimately having right now is on here. I'll be better tomorrow. Nah,

Dan  08:16
probably not no doubtful. So I'm gonna start things off here with just a clip of the beginning of the November 20. Show. Okay. And the reason is, we don't talk a lot about Elon. And the reason that I just I find him to be unpalatable to listen to. Yeah. I think he sucks. Yep, he's bad. I also think that he's kind of a knockoff Alex. He's doing a shoddy imitation of this person. And he doesn't understand what makes Alex compelling as an orator, or as somebody who's speaking Yeah, he lacks those things that make Alex fascinating. Yeah, there's a chaoticness to Alex there's a confidence there's an unpredictability that make when he's saying things like if someone brought in doughnuts stop it. Yeah, but I appreciate it. Yeah, stuff like that. Yeah. Is a chaoticness right. And oh, and lacks that.

Jordan  09:15
I mean, at the very least Odin has no idiosyncrasies there is nothing that makes Oh in a unique in any kind of

Dan  09:23
respect at least true and if there is anything It feels very contrived Yeah, it there if there's anything that's idiosyncratic about him It feels like oh, this is me signaling to the right wing troll base, right or whatever. You know, there's nothing there's nothing organically Oh, in other than like a man kind of snark. Yeah, that's kind of generic. Yeah, and Alex impression. And so when you begin the show, I mean, this is really just an Alex impression as far as I'm concerned.

Owen Shroyer  09:54
Gentlemen, here we are on Sunday, November 20 2022. An incredible time, a historic time in American history, and in world history, as the future of humanity is on the precipice, and will either fall into a corporate global tyranny with endless digital bureaucracy, soulless, faceless spiritless that you're trapped in forever. A government intervening in every breath you take, every step you make. This is what we we are not slaves. We are not animals. We are human beings, made in the image of the creator destined to be free, and then in the audience. And that's why you're joining us here this evening. Now, let me tell you, what's coming up. Tonight.

Dan  11:03
One of the things that Alex does constantly is these dramatic monologues over the intro music it's kind of you said that it's one of the only things that perhaps you could unqualified li say he's good at, right. Yeah, he is good at ramping up some kind of an artificial sense of drama. And, and now yeah, the humanity stands poised. Like there is something that even though you know, it's fake and its dominance, meaningless, there's still something it's like, there's a dramatic tension.

Jordan  11:33
Yes. No, it's It's that old quote of like, there's nothing better than authenticity or whatever once you can fake that you've got it made, you know, like that kind of idea. And Alex can jump. Yeah, probably. Yeah. That was good old teaching. But Alex can fake that authenticity and oh, when is so transparently, just like a pathetic puppet?

Dan  11:55
But again, even even in that faking the authenticity, he's faking the fake version that Alex does. Yes, exactly. And it's just boring. Yeah. It's like a All right. All right, kid. Ain't your get your own style.

Jordan  12:11
It reminds me of when I'm when I was starting out in in comedy and

Dan  12:15
Canadian impression. Exactly. It's

Jordan  12:17
a it was either there was a Kyle Kinane, there was a Mitch Hedberg there was yeah, there were all those people who were starting out who we're just doing impressions of everybody starts out.

Dan  12:28
There's a lot of people have distinctive deliveries and it's hard not to, like be your influence. Yeah,

Jordan  12:35
you get caught in that kind of vibe. And then if you don't break out, you should stop forever. You know, it's that kind of thing. If you don't develop your own voice, quit.

Dan  12:45
Yeah. And there isn't there isn't a whole lot going on here outside of a Canadian impression. Metaphorically. Yeah. So on the evening of November 19, a 22 year old named Anderson Aldrich entered club Q and LGBTQ club in Colorado Springs and open fire. They killed two five people and 25 others were injured in the attack. This story is first and foremost a tragedy and another sign of the rising tide of anti LGBTQ violence in no small part facilitated and encouraged by modern right wing media that accuses all members of their community of being pedophiles who are out to groom your children, Alex and ever wanted Infowars is complicit in that trend. And the natural endpoint of promoting and normalizing that mentality is that some people who internalize it and accept it as truth may be inspired to take matters into their own hands. Beyond being a tragedy, this case is also a complete fucking mess. The accused shooter Aldrich is the grandson of a right wing California politician who supported the January 6 riots, and is the son of a very homophobic former porn star who went by the name Dick Delaware, who also appeared on an episode of intervention because he was addicted to meth. To complicate matters even further, Aldrich, lawyers have claimed that Aldrich is non binary and wants to be referred to when they them pronouns, which has caused a lot of varying reactions for people. The prevailing attitude people seem to have is that this is a ploy to dodge potential hate crime penalties in the case, since they'd never spoken about this prior, and they were known to routinely use anti LGBTQ slurs. People were very shocked to see an interview with their dad where he expressed his surprise hearing his son was involved in an incident at a gay bar, not because five people were murdered, but because he was concerned that his son was gay. It's really awful to see but in the interview, he also says that he hasn't been in Aldrich his life for over a decade and he doesn't come off as a very sober interview subject. Even though he hasn't been in his son's life. He does say that he raised his child to know that being gay is wrong and that fighting is the answer to conflict. He seems like a shit influence even though he's very clear that he's talking about hand to hand combat and that guns and murder are not good. Good, distinct When great on top of all this Aldrich his mother called the police after Aldrich made a bomb threat targeted at her but as is too often the case charges weren't pressed, and Aldrich was able to keep his guns. I do believe that Aldrich could have made that bomb threat but also the mom is not a great source of information either. From an article in CNN quote in 2009 Aldrich, his mother received three years of probation for convictions of public intoxication and falsely reporting a crime to the police. The false report conviction stemmed from a 2008 incident in Beretta California in which police responded to a reported home invasion and found vocal lying on her bed with her hands and legs bound with duct tape. Vocal initially told the police a man had put string around her neck bound her with tape and placed a knife on her chest. She admitted the following day, however, that she had been under the influence of narcotics and fabricated the incident because, quote, she was lonely, unwanted attention. A police report states, all of this just completely makes me feel ill. And at the end of the day, I feel terrible for what Aldrich clearly had to live with growing up, but that doesn't really matter anymore. People who have had more difficult challenges have somehow managed not to murder five people with clear intentions to kill many more. I just want to send all the love and support I can to the survivors and friends and families of those last caller in Colorado Springs, as well as all of our LGBTQ family. Anyway, it was somewhat convenient that Alex was out of studio last week, because that meant that we didn't have to talk about his coverage of the shooting. But I think that it's actually important to loop back and take a look at this. My reasoning takes into account a few things. The first is that it's relevant to understand Infowars angle on this story. The second is something that I thought was a little bit more compelling, which is that the right wing media's coverage of this attack has been indefensible in a way that I think does feel a lot different for a lot of folks than other times in the past. For instance, Tim Poole took to Twitter to rationalize the shooting as the natural reaction to the idea that club Q had a quote grooming event, which is the way he characterized a drag brunch the club was hosting. He had a sickening take the legislation needed to be passed and police needed to stop events like all age drag brunches from happening. But because that wasn't happening, it only makes sense that people would try to solve the problem with violence. In this clip where he's trying to be like a piece of shit troll, I noticed that he slipped a little bit. Now he's just trolling as a whole with this question that he's presenting. It's not a sincere question. But see if you can notice where he slips up a little bit.

Tim Poole  17:36
A bunch of goddamn pedophiles are grooming children. And when we're like, hey, stop associating all LGBT people with groomers. Y'all keep fucking doing it. So here's what happened. I tweeted. If you claim that groomer refers to all LGBT people, then you are calling all LGBT people groomers, and you're inciting violence against them stop inciting violence against them.

Dan  18:02
For one he knows damn well, that right wing figures use the term groomer as a catch all for their anti LGBTQ bigotry. It's a cute game he's playing here, but in order to take it seriously, you'd have to imagine that Tim has never talked to or listened to any of the people who come on to his show as guests. The slip up I was talking about is that he says LGBT pee. He says that because he hangs out with a community of people who use that term to imply that pedophiles are an inherent part of and distinct group within the LGBTQ community. It's a hard slip up to make too because it requires him to pronounce the P sound twice in a row, which he did to say LGBT pee people. Yep. Yeah. It's a little bit telling. Yeah. Matt Walsh is another figure that has decided to dip his toes into the waters of justifying mass murder because of his own prejudice. He put out a video on YouTube where he said, quote, is it that hard to not cross dress in front of kids? Is the compulsion that overwhelming? If it's causing this much chaos and violence? Why do you insist on continuing to do it? The trend among these figures is that they've decided to push the idea that the shooting well probably unfortunate is justifiable because drag branches exist. They paint the picture that the drag brunch is what's causing the violence. And if these LGBTQ folks who had just agreed to exist in the constrictive boundaries, that the right wing extremist figures in the media demand, then the violence would stop. This behavior is legitimately very difficult for me to distinguish from making veiled terrorist threats. It's all bullshit. It's not even a sincere point that someone like Matt Walsh is making and it all makes me completely sick. Yeah. The types of reactions that we see from these ostensibly more mainstream figures are the sort of things you'd usually normally just hear in places like Infowars. But now, daily wire pundits and Tucker Carlson are walking all the way up to the Infowars line, and debatably crossing it. As such, I felt it would be helpful to accurately get a sense of what Infowars coverage consisted of in the aftermath. This episode that we're going to be covering here It starts with November 20, the day after the shooting, when Owen was filling in for Alex, this is a Sunday show. So it begins at 4pm. Central twins, there's no reason for them not to be aware of a lot of the primary details by the time Oh, and gets on air. You know, you look mad.

Jordan  20:18
I mean, I don't know. I mean, by their own logic day, then it's fine to murder them. Like, I don't I don't even know how you can say that without recognizing that if you are the yourself the cause of violence, then LGBTQ people can murder you based upon your own dumb fucking. So I don't give a fuck. All right, I

Dan  20:37
understand. Okay, I understand what you're saying. But I also think that it's, it's important to recognize this isn't a sincere argument they're making? I don't I mean, I don't care. They're just trying. Well, we're just trying to not No, no, no, no, we're

Jordan  20:49
not. I'm sorry. I don't mean to cut you. I'm cutting you off. So please, continue. That's on me. That's on me. Well, the point

Dan  20:55
I was making is, I do think that there is a hope that maybe some of the people in their audience would take this as a sincere argument. But it's not an argument that they want to commit to. Right, because of the bad and stupid implications of it. Right. It's just a deflection from taking any kind of stock of the kind of rhetoric that you are engaged in putting out into the world, right, and the consequences that it can have,

Jordan  21:19
right? I say that and I mean, you know, four years ago, I think I'm on your team. And now I don't think that what they say matters beyond if you say then you said it, Viet. Well, I don't think I don't care if they are genuine about it or not. I don't think it matters. I think they are clearly I think clearly the people who want to say that shit and then whenever somebody challenges them, walk it back as I wasn't being serious, or I wasn't being sued. Probably right. I don't give a shit. Yeah, where you said it done. It is by Tim Poole's fucking argument fine to murder. 10 Fucking bull. So I don't give a shit.

Dan  22:01
Well, but that being said, his argument is bad. Yes, absolutely. And so it is not a justification. salutely just to be totally clear. Yeah, I agree with you in the sense that I do think that people if they're saying things and making arguments, they should

Jordan  22:17
you know, you own it now. Yeah, did make that. I mean, I just don't care if you think you're trolling or not. That's over. Before we used to have that trolling thing where you'd be like, Oh, they don't mean it. I don't fucking care if they mean it anymore. There are people who are saying it's mean it

Dan  22:33
it's almost irrelevant. Yeah. To mean trolling, or if you mean something in as much as the effect that what you're having. Yeah, yes.

Jordan  22:42
No, no more. No more walking back. No more pretending that you are trolling, no more nothing. You own that forever now, so timpul can go fucking fuck off Tim Poole. Fuck you.

Dan  22:56
So Oh, when he does not bring this up by the shooting for a bit, it's it's not first and foremost on his mind. But he does have a guest coming on.

Owen Shroyer  23:05
We've got Alex Stein joining us in about 30 minutes. And I mean, this guy just doesn't stop with the hits. And he's outside of a library where they're doing a little drag queen story. Child abuse for kids. And it's just so classic how these children behave, and then we're supposed to treat them like adults. As they're out here. Under no thought of their own. This is not an act of their own volition to stand for trans kids surgeries, and gay kids and all the other bull crap that they claim to stand for. But there they are out there with their flags.

Dan  23:47
So Owen is not covering the shooting, per se, but he's leading the show talking about always having Alex Stein on because he has a video that he put out where he went and was being a dick. Drag Queen storytime. Yeah. So and you can hear in there. Oh, and engaging in the exact sort of demonization campaign that the right is just characterized by this point.

Jordan  24:15
Yeah, no, I mean, at the end of the day, this needs to be a society wide acceptance that the far right wants to kill gay people. The end or acceptance

Dan  24:26
that we need to all agree. We might not want to do it themselves.

Jordan  24:29
They're fine. Yeah, I don't get I mean, again, I really don't care. I just don't care. I'm

Dan  24:36
addicted to being precise. Yeah,

Jordan  24:39
fair enough. Fair enough.

Dan  24:40
So Oh, in talks about how they have rifles, people have rifles there. There's the people who are protecting the drag queen storytime. Yeah, seems like to really like understand the dynamic,

Owen Shroyer  24:54
but there they are out there with their flags. There. They are out there. By the way, they got their nice They're nice rifles that Joe Biden wants to ban. Yeah. Yeah, they got that going to form now. So we'll be discussing that playing that video with Alex and getting a little more into that story. where more and more every day, gay Americans are saying, hey, wait a second, you're not going to use, you're not going to use us as a means to get access to children, you're not going to say LGBTQ pride, and wave a pride flag and then say, now, let me get naked and dance in front of your child is LGBT. And so they're showing up at city council meetings, school board meetings, the gays against groomers is becoming a larger group. So there is the pushback. So we're going to do at least two segments. If we're having a good time, maybe we'll extend that with Alex nine. Maybe he wants to stay around all night.

Dan  25:52
We're having a good time with Alex Stein. Yeah, so there are people with rifles who are protecting a drag queen storytime. And apparently the story that Owen is covering is that there are more gay people who are turning against drag brunches.

Jordan  26:09
I mean, the idea, the idea that they would arm themselves to protect themselves has not yet sunk in to the right wing. They haven't they like the idea is like, so people have guns there, meaning they're there to protect against other groomers showing up, as opposed to to protect those people inside from you, Fox?

Dan  26:35
Well, I mean, even if you take the shooting in Colorado Springs away from it, because to be fully fair, at the time that we're recording this episode, I don't think we know enough about a full motive or anything, you know, you can make some pretty decent assumptions based on available information. But you know, there is still a little bit of a leaping to a conclusion about the precise motive. But even leaving that aside, even if you don't want to get tangled up in that, right, you can still say that, like proud boys are showing up and disrupting aggressively drag queens storytimes Yeah, in various parts of the country, a lot of times armed yelling about how there's pedophiles grooming children, and here and the idea of armed security in response to that is even understandable. You know, like, even if there hadn't been, it would make total sense. Yeah. 100%. But yeah, oh, and doesn't it's, it's weird. It's almost like, you know, just sort of punting on talking about the sort of the elephant in the room. Right. Well, still covering these topics that are adjacent to right, the subject which I find to be not the tip of the spear.

Jordan  27:53
No, no, no, it's I suppose, pretending that the worst thing that you are at fault for didn't happen so you can continue to make it happen.

Dan  28:04
So you gotta kill some time here. Sure. Yeah, why not? Yeah. Oh, one's got some complaints,

Jordan  28:10
of course. And we pass on the subway.

Owen Shroyer  28:16
And all the venues here in Austin are now cash free. And I'm sitting there and I'm trying to pay cash. And it's all it's all robotic and I don't necessarily mind I mean, it's okay. It's convenient. You walk right up, you grab a beverage you

Jordan  28:33
shut the fuck up now and whatever and you don't necessarily mind shut the fuck up. You don't have anything worth saying.

Owen Shroyer  28:37
I'm all for using technology to make our lives but I'm, I'm trying to pay cash. He's like, Oh, no, there's one attendant with with all the the robot checker checker devices. He's like, Oh, no, no, we don't we don't take cash anymore. I'm like, Oh, wow, that's so great. And I'm so glad we're moving to a cashless society. That we so great when the government can track everything we do. Boy oh boy, sir, do I need to show you my vaccine passport? Just making a joke that the guy actually agreed with us like yeah, it's ridiculous. He thought it was funny. But see, that's where it goes. So okay. Yeah, you like the convenience of the technology? Sure. I like the convenience instead of waiting in line. I just walk right up. Grab a beverage out of the cooler. Slide my card it boom, I'm checked out. Also, okay, I like that convenience. But then it's Oh, sorry. Oh, your your card didn't work. It says you're not updated on your pics.

Jordan  29:37
What are you doing?

Owen Shroyer  29:38
Your card has been declined. It looks like you made a post on the internet. That was it was bad and so sorry. You can't use your card. It's been shut off. I don't know. I don't know what to do. Sorry. Nothing we can do. And then that's it. Nothing you can do. Oh, you want to go get dinner. Oh, you want to go get groceries. Oh you want to fill your car with gas. Hope sorry. I'm sorry card doesn't work. Sorry you made a bad post on the internet. Sorry. Sorry you didn't get your latest vaccine.

Dan  30:11
So I have a paranoid fantasy that is I mean, kind of getting in the way of enjoying the thing that I am fine with and convenient.

Jordan  30:19
You know what I like flying I like finding it it is convenient to not take a boat across the Atlantic you know, I get it. I appreciate it. I like to get on the plane. And then you go from one country to another. It's great. When you're in the air, what happens? pterodactyls left, right? You don't even know which side the pterodactyl is or off.

Dan  30:40
Let me ground the issue. Let me ground this in reality. All right, so you're in the plane. Yeah. Where is it easier to rob people? Just get out of the plane. Exactly. Captive Audience nothing they can do. They're trying where's it easier to run an improv show is another problem. Lame? Yeah, exactly. They are trying to get you like accustomed to flying because you can't get out of the plane right so they can put

Jordan  31:08
so you'll be acclimated to bad improv shows no matter where you go.

Dan  31:11
Also to Owens point. I mean, I think that as someone who's worked in a bar before, it's way more convenient to have tabs. It's substantially easier than making change for people especially if it's a busy bar and then the second aspect to it it's dangerous to be a high cash business. Yeah, that you know at the end of the night yeah. Where there's tons of money totally you have you have the potential to put yourself in a bit more of a dangerous situation for robberies and such. I think that there's only positives to bars if they choose to being cash. Non using bars.

Jordan  31:50
Yeah, I mean to him to Owens argument. I say when when were when were stop whining

Dan  31:59
you whiner right, he's whining, so much whining, so about 20 minutes into the show. Oh, and finally gets to talking about how there was a shooting Sure.

Owen Shroyer  32:09
The response from the Democrat party in the mainstream media to the club at the nightclub this opposing gay club, which is of course called Club Q. I'm not saying that that has anything to do with the q mu. And it's just like, Are you kidding me with this? Really? It's club do you really?

Dan  32:33
Oh, man. So you can see here as Owen begins to bring up the story of the shooting in the space of 24 seconds he implants three separate suggestions to distract the audience from the possibility that this was a mass shooting directed at a community that his show and his employer target routinely with ridiculous slander and accusations. First, Owen couches the conversation in terms of discussing the liberal media's response to the shooting because that's more fertile territory for him. He doesn't have the chops to actually discuss the shooting itself but yelling a bunch of dumb shit about random tweets he saw is basically the same thing on Infowars. Yep. Second, oh, and says that this was a quote, suppose it gay club. He knows that if the target of a mass shooting was a gay club, there's a high likelihood that a potential motive is homophobia or transphobia, which are the primary drivers of Infowars content in order to create distance in the audience's mind between the possible motive for the shooting and the rhetoric they hear every day. Oh, and tries to subtly suggest that it's not actually a gay bar. If all went wanted to do a tiny bit of research, he could have found their website and seeing that instead of serving aoli fries. They have gay only for eyes on their menu, which is a subtle hint, very subtle. He could have checked out their drink menu and seen that quote, COC shots are on the menu, which are described as quote, Jello Shots dispensed through a white or brown caulk shaped syringe chair. They also have a shot called become shot, which is fire whiskey and Bailey's. All right.

Jordan  33:57
That sounds right. Yeah,

Dan  33:58
I'm not into it. No, me neither. the Wayback Machine has snapshots of their site going back to 2004, where they're described as, quote, the premier gay restaurant and nightclub. Their phone number is 571. Gay. I say this with nothing but love and respect. This is not a supposed gay club. It's in no one's interest to muddy the waters though. So he throws that in to plant seeds of suspicion in the listener. And actually, if this is more important than it may seem, an article about club Q was published in the Colorado Springs indie in July 2020. With the headline quote, Colorado Springs last remaining gay bar club que changes with the times. That article is a fascinating tale of the queer history of Colorado Springs, and how it went from a severely anti LGBTQ environment in the 90s to town with a vibrant community and a bunch of gay bars to this point in 2020, where there was just this one gay bar left in town because as technology advanced, you didn't need to have a specific LGBTQ bar for people to meet up. They could use apps and online dating And so many of the other bars became, quote, gay friendly, but club Q, the co owner, Nick gradisca, told the indie about a former bar they worked at quote, when people would call us and ask if we were a gay bar, I was instructed to say we were a gay friendly bar, not an explicitly gay bar. But that's not enough. Club Q was supposed to be explicitly gay. And as graskop put it, quote, the whole idea of this place was to have a safe place to get a permanent one in the city. This is the place that no one is suggesting is maybe not actually a gay bar because he's an idiot who just talks shit and he doesn't know anything about the subjects he covers. The third thing he does is he gets all weird about the club being called Club Q, which he totally isn't saying has anything to do with queueing on stuff totally not. He's doing this because the audience is trained to associate things that are connected to the cue folks to be a globalist SIOP. Yep. So that was one of the one of the main defenses that Alex deployed about why January 6, wasn't actually the Patriots fault.

Jordan  35:58
I didn't call the shooting of false flag. However, if it's club Q, I think you can put it together.

Dan  36:04
Yeah. Oh, it's doing this to wink at the audience that maybe they should think that it's a globalist cya. Yeah. Again, the club was named club Q is since at least 2004. So unless Q anon has been going on since the George W. Bush administration, and therefore it actually predates the Tea Party, this doesn't make a whole lot of sense. Yeah. If I had to guess, because I can't really nail this down. Exactly. I would say that maybe the club was named after club Q, the long running dance party for queer women in San Francisco that began in like the mid 80s. Yeah, that's just a guess. But it's also worth noting that a lot of queer oriented things use the letter Q Yeah, absolutely. As reason. Yes. Anyway, as you can tell, right out of the gate, Owen is invested in throwing out distractions to get away from the heart of the issue. And I think that it's pretty fucking obvious why

Jordan  36:48
Yeah, and this is, this is one of the reasons that I find that argument about the shooters identity or whatever about it. In regards to the heinousness of the crime being a hate crime, if you are attacking a place that's explicitly safe for gay people than it is by nature, a an explicitly homophobic crime, regardless of motive or intent, right, because I don't give a fuck what his brain or what their brain suggests is the motive behind their attack, the attack itself is the motive.

Dan  37:27
I agree, I agree with you, I do still think that there are important things to in terms of the broader conversation. sure those things are important, particularly in terms of the way that this shooting connects to the rhetoric that's being that that's deployed by sugars in the right wing media naturally, I think that that is where that intersection is important to motive and such. I agree. I agree with you that the effect of it is, is

Jordan  37:57
it's an attack on the safety of all gay people simultaneously.

Dan  38:01
I don't disagree with that. Yeah, yeah, I just don't I just wanted to make sure that I was giving voice to the idea that the motive is not unimportant, right. But what you're saying is still

Jordan  38:10
right. And in that regards, it is entirely possible, I believe it's entirely possible for this person to have not listened to a single word that Tucker Carlson or Alex Jones have said, I mean, it's entirely possible that this is unrelated to the larger global rhetoric around this circumstance. And it could be very personal, but the attack itself tells you what the motive is. It's an attack on a safe space. Yeah. And it's,

Dan  38:35
it seems unlikely from a lot of surrounding context that it that it doesn't exist within the larger context of of so much of this right wing media, whether it be on social media, or you know, these people's actual shows. Yeah. But, but to the to the extent there is a clear connection. That is something that is a little bit murky. Sure, sure, sure. That I can respect. So Oh, in plays a little bit more of a sort of a deflection game.

Owen Shroyer  39:10
So again, the response from the Democrat Party, the response from the liberal mainstream media should not surprise us, but it does remind us just how sick and twisted they really are, doesn't it? Now we all know why they're making the big deal of this shooting because they can politicize it, blame it on their opposition. And then once again, in an emotional outcry, say we have to ban guns. We have to end the Second Amendment, but no, look. I can play this game. Every day. You understand? I could I can play this game every Monday. And I've been doing it more often now just as a exhibition on how you could play this game. But I mean, you know, just just look at these stories to injured from two overnight shootings in Baltimore. That's my last night. Philadelphia Delaware County Police investigating deadly double shooting in Yeadon. Last night.

Dan  40:05
I'm not sure this argument is as good as Owen thinks it is. He's saying that his rebuttal to people calling for gun reform based on a mass shooting is to point out that there are even more shootings isn't just saying that the problem is worse than the gun grabbers or This is dumb. Yes, that makes no sense. That's insane. Also, this is a dishonest argument. Oh, and isn't arguing for anything political or even productive. At the core, he's saying that people shouldn't care about the club Q shooting. That's the point of this presentation. He's pushing back against people caring about a mass shooting at a gay bar where five people were killed, and many more would have been if the shooter hadn't been beaten up by brave bar patrons. Obviously, other shootings are tragic as well. And they are all indicative of problems that we need to address. The issue comes down to these not being analogous situations. And because of that the game Owen thinks he's playing is actually meaningless. And he doesn't care about those other shootings either.

Jordan  40:58
No, no, I mean, I don't like it is it is something where even if this person Oh, in at one point had some sort of ability to connect empathetically to a story by virtue of this as your job as like your imperative. And as as the social group that he surrounds himself with? All murders are nothing to him, you know, like, i How can you not be affected? It blows my mind,

Dan  41:31
you kind of have to take on a bit of solipsism. Absolutely. Like nothing that can really be real for you.

Jordan  41:37
No, I mean, he just rattled off those other shootings. And it's like, I don't even have time to express like that. fucks me up man, though, that you said one that fucked me up. Then there was another that fucks me up and then you said another that's, that's fucked up.

Dan  41:53
It's bad. It's bad. Yeah. I don't know if two separate incidents like the one that he's talking about in Baltimore is two people were injured. Yeah, that's bad. Yeah. I mean, I'm not sure if that is the same as a mass shooting at a club.

Jordan  42:10
Well, I mean, we live in Chicago, and we can talk about the gun violence in Chicago all we want. But what Owen is talking about is gun violence towards genocide and trying to act like that is equivalent to gun violence. Yeah,

Dan  42:26
there's gun violence. There's essentially domestic terror. Yeah. And there is a little bit of a difference. Yeah. So look, what would this show be if there wasn't a little bit of sexism thrown it? Sure.

Owen Shroyer  42:40
AOC has really just showed how disgusting she really is under the surface with this. Responding blaming it on Lauren bowburn Because it's in her district. blaming it on Donald Trump. Just just total wickedness just total filth and disgust just just a trash human. What a shame. Nicely looking girl has to be such a trashy human. Maybe we'll get comments from her ex boyfriend, Alex Stein coming up next.

Dan  43:09
That's funny because Alex Stein rose to prominence because he sexually harassed AOC Yeah, no, no. It's funny. You know, he's calling her. him her ex boyfriend. Yeah. And she's a pretty lady. So too bad. Too bad. She sucks.

Jordan  43:25
I it is. It is fun. That I, you know, their cowardice is so distinct and clear. Whenever they specifically go after AOC because it's, it's a combined like, one, she would never deign to give a fuck about our response. So we can say whatever we want with no repercussions.

Dan  43:47
Isn't that Soros level of?

Jordan  43:49
Totally? Well, that's not actually true. She might dunk on some of these fools on Twitter. Yeah, sure. But I mean, not like, you know, not to the point where she's going to sue them not good fight way, you know, she she'd say something and then it'd be over or whatever it is, and people would argue in the comments for forever.

Dan  44:06
It only it only serves to elevate and get you more attention if she does. Respond.

Jordan  44:11
Exactly. And then the fact that obviously, the angle that they're going to take is a paternalistic misogyny. Without question, and it's like, I mean, it's so annoying. You folks know we're here. You want to fucking come.

Dan  44:28
It's trolling though, too. It's, it's dumb. Anyway, Alex Stein comes on and they play a clip of him at that drag queen storytime. I just think that this is first of all ridiculous and like, this is the day after that shooting. I don't know why they didn't just make let's go ahead and put this off. Yeah, well, we can Alex Stein is available any time literally we could do this tomorrow or next week.

Alex Stein  44:58
All right, Alex, you need to leave Not leaving guys you guys you're trying to get in my way I'm here on a public street Get out of my way oh my god guys I'm so scared they're cheaper they brought their playing guns they're squirt guns oh my god your arts and crafts time to this this mess of your time you will be able to go home and play with us scary they are oh my god these guys

Jordan  45:28
oh shoot him in the foot and do your time get one two years that's not attempted murders below the waist. God bless this guy

Dan  45:37
look at this convoluted people like Owen and Alex Stein have a political ideology that says that they should support armed citizens Brexit and the Second Amendment, even if they disagree with the concept of drag queen storytime it should be antithetical to their gun absolutism to mock people for carrying in public. And this is why it's important to understand that they don't actually really care about guns. I mean, they care about guns and they want them but they want what they represent more. They want the ability to impose mortal fear and political enemies and couch it in a philosophical love for the Constitution. Yeah, for instance, they want folks to the their team to be armed to the teeth when they go to protest at a reproductive health clinic. So the people seeking care or the clinic staff are terrified. Or if they're protests in the wake of the killing of George Floyd, they want people on their side to be armed and wandering around acting as vigilantes that is good for them. Conversely, they don't want principled gun owners to protect the targets of their attacks. They mock carrying guns here when the people are outside of drag queen storytime or if armed citizens were to post up at an abortion clinic. They don't want guns in these contexts because of what those guns represent, which is that vulnerable communities may not be as vulnerable as you want them to be. It's incredibly distasteful for them to be playing this the day after the shooting. Alex Stein is just mocking the idea of armed citizens protecting a drag queen storytime, which is the exact type of event that people like Tim Poole and Matt Walsh would go on to use as a justification for why the shooting maybe wasn't so bad. Also, Stein is is really bad at this. He strikes me as the kid in like high school play Who's overacting? He's hamming it up a little bit too much, because he knows that no one would pay attention to him if he really was subtle, because he doesn't have a subtle mode now, and he sucks. He's just not good. I mean,

Jordan  47:23
I think what he doesn't understand, because he's fucking stupid along with the rest of them, is that what he's essentially saying is that all of the horrible fucking murders were committed by us. Because if you are insistently belittling the concept of your ideological opponent having guns, and in fact, having all of them be squirt guns, then you are actually insisting that the only people who murder people are the fucking conservatives, you fucking moron. real gun? Exactly. You fucking idiot.

Dan  47:57
Now, there is also a subtle, maybe, I don't know, I don't know if this is a conscious motivation necessarily, or if it's just sort of like something that's a part of this. And that is that there isn't a goal of kind of mocking these folks. Yeah. So they won't show back up. So there won't be people standing there, right. And giving a message that this is not a soft target, right? There is a desire for these people who are standing guard and such to go away. And I think that Owen is pretty aware of this as he explains how he mocked Antifa out of Austin.

Owen Shroyer  48:36
Well, I will say to the tactics that you're using here are are actually proven, it's actually proven to work because we used to have Antifa like this in Austin, and it was the same thing and they would go out there and they do the same thing and hold their guns and everything. And for two years 2016 and 2017. I just mocked them into submission, and they don't come around anymore. You never see them in Austin, Iwan mocked him into submission.

Jordan  49:02
The next thing you can do you were afraid to do a deposition laugh

Owen Shroyer  49:05
in their face when they have their guns to show that you're not intimidated by it. But then the next thing if you are if are you ready for the you want to finish her Alex, you have to start the Antifa chant right there with them and try to get them to join in and just sit there and chant it right in their face and there'll be so humiliated and embarrassed that they probably will quit showing their faces.

Dan  49:27
Rip Austin Antifa cook destroyer gotten them just random out of town with his expert mockery.

Jordan  49:37
That is that is one of the most diluted things I think I've I've ever heard.

Dan  49:41
I'd like to remind everyone of the time that Oh, and got dunked on by a child who flipped him off. So I don't think I'm not sure anybody is that interested? Oh, mocking them into submission.

Jordan  49:54
Infowars had to hire an outside lawyer to be their fucking corporate representative. because we made fun of them too, right? We made fun of you too bad. And now you're gonna act like you have fucking shit. Get outta here

Dan  50:09
mocked into submission. Yeah,

Jordan  50:11
exactly. Exactly by a

Dan  50:15
bunch, a couple of Dum Dums in Chicago wish it was a bunch.

Jordan  50:19
It's the two of us.

Dan  50:23
Amazing. So, I grew weary of hearing Alex Stein's voice reasonable. And so I decided to, let's go on to check out other episodes, see where we're at. And so the American Journal, the next day, Harrison wasn't hosting. There was someone named Kristy Lee, who was hosting, I believe, and I didn't care. I listened to it. And I don't want to bring another character into this. If it's a fill in host hosting, and it's not like one of their actual varsity players. Yeah, I don't I don't have anything to grab on to. We could

Jordan  51:00
get rid of Dr. Number four and all soap operas, and no one would notice. Well, except for the doctor number four.

Dan  51:07
Well, that depends. I mean, what about house? Jennifer Morrison?

Jordan  51:11
Oh, well, I mean, I'm talking about somebody who doesn't have a name. What about Kuti? Doctor number four in the script? You know what I'm saying? Can this Christie Lee is Dr. Number four in the script, and we can cut her out? She's got two lines of dialogue, Max.

Dan  51:27
Well, actually I am my own argument falls apart. Because I'm in the later seasons of House. He ended up having a big survivor style competition.

Jordan  51:39
He can cut them all up. Fine.

Dan  51:42
Got a bunch of doctors, so they eliminated them. So maybe, maybe,

Jordan  51:48
if I'm an actor on a show, and the writers like, Hey, we've got a whole thing where we're eliminating a bunch of people. I'm like, Shit, I hope I don't find out that they didn't need me.

Dan  51:57
I mean, Kalpen was one of the doctors in his character committed suicide because he went to work for like the Obamas.

Jordan  52:04
I was gonna say, Yeah, cuz he went to have a career. Yeah.

Dan  52:07
So they needed to write this character off, right? Yeah, it's like, weird. Bummer. Life is weird. Anyway, we go to the 21st on the Infowars. Alex Jones flagship show. Sure. And Owen is hosting again. But we begin the show with Alex on the phone. Alex is hosting on the phone. You're

Alex Jones  52:28
November 21 2022. I'm your host, Alex Jones. I'm about to exclusively respond to Elon Musk, vicious attack against me. And what is clearly a threat. Yes, ladies and gentlemen, he quoted Jesus Christ saying, suffered a little shelter to come unto me. And then it follows what it's better for one at a time millstone around their neck, and throw themselves in the deepest ocean than to offend one of these show one week, he's in a bathroom, the devil's champion outfit. And then a few weeks later, he's out quoting Jesus Christ, well beware, because the devil masquerades as an angel of light.

Dan  53:12
So he's taking care of the big issues. Here on this Monday episode, Alex has come in, specifically on his vacation on the phone to complain about Elon Musk, you know,

Jordan  53:23
as a fan of history, I particularly you know, I used to do the bit about Andrew Jackson in dual culture, sure, you know, that kind of dual culture. And in thinking about that, you know, I've always kept it within the point of view of the people within the duel, and their social circle and how they react to that. But what I what I forgot, or at least what I overlooked, I'm just now realizing is what it must have been like, for just a regular poor person to suddenly read in the paper, you know, like, fucking Alexander Hamilton dead, you know, and be like, Alright, man. Like if Elon Musk and Alex Jones had a duel, it didn't occur to me that we would all get to be like, hey, Elon is dead. Nice. How about that?

Dan  54:07
Why don't one of them would be dead? Exactly. Because they had a dispute

Jordan  54:12
Exactly. Like how weird would that have been in like a political arena?

Dan  54:17
That would be that would be very weird. And I think, a bad system.

Jordan  54:22
It's not a good system.

Dan  54:23
But let's look at this. This isn't a threat. He just said that. Exactly. Let Alex back on. Yeah, exactly. And then he quoted a Bible verse. And Alex is taking that to mean that Elon Musk is saying that he's gonna put a millstone around Alex Trebek and throw him in the ocean, right.

Jordan  54:38
Well, Alex views the Bible as a fundamentally violent book.

Dan  54:41
It is a threat. Yeah, quote, a scripture. Violent one.

Jordan  54:45
I don't know what Scripture scripture you're quoting. And I might be embarrassed.

Dan  54:50
So Alex seems drunk. I will be honest here.

Alex Jones  54:52
Now, I'm not saying that Elon Musk is the devil. He's a provocateur. I play both sides of every issue. And overall, I think He's done some good things. He's also done some very troubling things. But coming up next segment, I am wanting to really expose what's behind all this. And what's really happening at Twitter, and the wider war of censorship that is taking place that really only Infowars. And a few people like Tucker Carlson, have fully grasped what's actually happening. This has been run by intelligence agencies and the Justice Department illegally. They're having congressional hearings about it. It's all come out. I was the first to tell you about it decades ago. But now it's been ratified decades ago, expanded. And these direct scripts are being written and prepared. And then given the PR firms that give orders to the corporate media, on how to carry this out.

Dan  55:43
Yeah, that makes sense.

Jordan  55:45
Yep. No arguments for me.

Dan  55:48
The DOJ is involved in this tweet. Elon Musk isn't.

Jordan  55:54
DOJ is writing tweets for Elon Musk these days. And they are not busy.

Alex Jones  56:01
Nope. The obviously Elon Musk has hired more PR firms and probably anybody in modern history. These are some of the PR firms that have been actually attacking me for separate clients. So I didn't blame him for this up till this point. But he's definitely following the exact scripts that have been put out before that it's very, very dangerous. Now again, I know what Elon Musk is doing. I'm explaining it all coming up the next segment, so please stay with us separately. Infowars is not funded by big billionaires. The Global's is funded by you. And we have great products everybody needs

Dan  56:33
nice.

Jordan  56:34
It's the it's the Infowars snot funded that's where you that's where you know where we're at. Yes to good at ad reads. He's too good at ad reads to fuck up now.

Dan  56:43
It's but also man, like, what's happening? I don't know. You're on vacation. You're calling in to complain about Elon Musk and try and sell your ship. Now.

Jordan  56:53
When he's on vacation, he still needs money and he still reads Twitter. Where else is he gonna bitch about it?

Dan  56:59
It's pretty remarkable, though that like, I mean, you know, the shooting was big news, right? People are talking about an hour Alex is going to come in and host a couple segments of the show. Kind of weird that he starting off just really being petty about Elon Musk tweeting,

Jordan  57:16
you know, I mean, in his world, though, it is it is like look at the world we live in now. And this is a fucked up event. And unfortunately, the new cycle is going to move on. And as much as we make fun of Alex for being a fucking non serialized show, unfortunately, all too often we live in a non serialized show in this regard. And so I can see why he'd be like, Hey, fuck it, I bet I can get away with not talking about this at all. Because Fuck it. I got Tim Poole and Tucker Carlson and all these motherfuckers out here.

Dan  57:53
If if that is the case, then essentially what this reveals is, you know, because the Elon Musk tweet would also be you know, move out of the road have to choice the editorial choice is pay attention just to things that are weirdly self aggrandizing. Yep,

Jordan  58:13
yep. And I guess they make some sense. Yeah, solipsism, as you said earlier, might be a part of the gig.

Dan  58:20
So Aleksa continues to complain about Elon tweeting about him.

Alex Jones  58:25
Thank you for joining us on this live Monday, November 21 2020. to broadcast I am your host, Alex Jones, about to exclusively respond to some of the over the top statements against me by Elon Musk yesterday. And today. And the fact that the vast majority of even leftist, controlled infested Twitter has really woken up to what's happening and as saw, right through what Elon Musk and the establishment is doing.

Dan  58:54
Well think that most people on the left wherever that thrilled with what Elon was up to with Twitter, I don't know what kind of charade Alex is trying to pull here. The entire first segment of the show is Alex shilling his supplements and book desperately begging for money. And now the second segment is clearly just Alex complaining about Elon Musk. This is an important dynamic to understand for a few reasons. The first is that Alex really can't disappear for too long because no one else moves product at nearly the rate he does. If he wants to take time off, he does kind of need to pop in and do shit like this to reassure the audience that he's still there and remind them that they need to give money to the cult leader. These people will not tie for Owen or Harrison, but Alex can coax that out of them. You got it. The second is that from a content perspective, the club Q shooting is not relevant enough for Alex to address on the show in the limited time that he has to appear while he's on vacation. However, what's super important for him to talk about is that Elon Musk mentioned him on Twitter. Yep, he doesn't cover news it not he's not a competent talk show host but he's amazing at wrangling attention. He's done it since the VHS and bullhorn day And now the technology and social media has evolved. This is that equivalent, with Ilan saying that Alex isn't gonna be let back on Twitter, Alex knows that he has an opportunity to get some attention, but it requires him responding to keep the image of a fight alive and the window is short. He needs to, you know, get in there now, because him responding when he gets back from vacation, no one's gonna give a shit. He's gonna look weak yield, self aggrandizing drama is what Alex is most interested in. And Alex probably should have known that Ilan felt this way about him if all the other stories that he tells her true at all. Alex is very strongly implied that he's gone to dinner with Musk because of the Rogan connection. Alex has talked about how Joe has told him that Elon loves him and all this. But now that Musk has come out and publicly said that Alex is a piece of shit and is never getting back on Twitter. I guess all that other stuff didn't happen. And Alex doesn't have to explain why he made it all up just to dazzle the listeners. It's great.

Jordan  1:00:55
Yeah, yeah, it is. It is funny to me now. Like, how open so many corporations and shit are about being like, Hey, listen, we're gonna support these politicians. I mean, we still need our taxes low. I'm sure they want to kill gay people. Bad Bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad. We need low taxes. And so people like Alex are all complaining about oh, the left is coming to kill us. It's like, man, the left is nowhere near this shit. The left is nowhere near owning Twitter. The left is nowhere near owning Coca Cola, or whatever it is you want in

Dan  1:01:30
fairness, it's woke ideology that runs Coca Cola. And the left doesn't own Twitter. Right, infested.

Alex Jones  1:01:36
Right, right, right. Oh, yeah.

Jordan  1:01:39
That's the problem with Twitter right now. Too much leftist content. Yeah.

Dan  1:01:42
So Alex complaints more about Twitter, of course. So we'll

Alex Jones  1:01:46
put these tweets on screen. But he first said a few days ago from a bunch of requests from users. Will you bring back Alex Jones? And he said no. He then had a poll and brought back Donald Trump because 1% Extra in the poll wanted Trump versus those that didn't. They have similar polls with 300 plus 1000 votes, the height slips did where I had a 10 point lead on the poll of hundreds and hundreds and 1000s of people wanted me to come back. But the point is, is that it's hypocrisy to say he's democratized it. And it's gonna have votes decide who can come back or say yes, and that he's not personally invested. And then come out and release new tweets last night, saying, Alex Jones, a terrible person. Our shows made money off Sandy Hook. Alex Jones wouldn't hurt these children. None of that's true.

Dan  1:02:35
I just think this is sad. Yeah, he's almost 50 I know, this is. This is an adult being like, Elon Musk does not play by the rules of his Twitter poll. I

Jordan  1:02:46
mean, I just, I mean, we'll put these tweets on screen is about the worst sentence in the in the English language. Well, I

Dan  1:02:55
mean, it's second only to there's a lot of big news. Someone made a meme. Yeah. Also analogies. repertoire.

Jordan  1:03:03
lexicon is strong home. My God. I don't like the way this guy who Oh, bought a toy using imaginary money is going to be mean to me.

Dan  1:03:15
Yeah. This is very sad. Yeah. Very, very sad. Yep. Anyway, Alex understands Elon is playing Sure.

Alex Jones  1:03:22
Musk is trying to take over Twitter to create what he calls internet X. That goes back to when the internet was freer, and more open still doesn't mean it'll be perfect. He understands the censorship is just killing, interaction, killing debate and making it a horrible experience. And he just wants to make a successful Tax a common sense and smart thing to do, just from a business perspective, which is what made America great. But the ADL and the Southern Poverty Law Center, the Democratic Party of the European Union and the Justice Department, and CIA moles that Congress had hearings on last week, are inside of his company right now, and are literally trying to sabotage it, not just externally with threats of lawsuits and censorship and criminal charges from the EU. But they're also threatening to sabotage the company and the actual systems that make it operate. So what he had an Exodus Out of the company, it was worse than he thought there's questions of Twitter's even going to survive. He hit the panic button and basically came out and attacked me so that he can get the left off of his back. And you know, that gives. It's fine to me that he did that. Except he went too far compared himself to Jesus, and the whole bring the shoulder to me on the shoulder and to me.

Dan  1:04:41
This is this is interesting. So he hit the panic button put on his big boy pants. Yep. And appease the left.

Jordan  1:04:45
Yeah, but then compared himself to Jesus Christ is too far. That's too far.

Dan  1:04:50
Also, I would say that if there are moles involved, sure. I know of one person that you need to call to take care of this and that is Anderson Cooper.

Jordan  1:04:59
You I was going to I was trying to pull back MOLKO. And then I forgot that Anderson Cooper was the Oh,

Dan  1:05:08
and then Mark L. Wahlberg and other Mark Wahlberg, right?

Jordan  1:05:11
That's right. Yep. Oh boy.

Dan  1:05:14
So this is pathetic. But I gotta say I admire Alex's swing here. If there's one thing that Elon Musk certainly doesn't seem to care much about at all, it's appeasing the left, but this is great. Now Alex can keep all the Rogan backstory and still be mad at Musk about him not getting let back on Twitter. He just has to pretend that he's actually mad about his Musk comparing himself to Jesus, which I should point out, Alex does about himself all the fucking time nonstop. All Musk did was quote a Bible verse, which if you compare that with Alex's grandiose stories about how God selected him to fight the literal devil, it doesn't really seem like that big of a deal, right? But Alex needs an excuse to be mad that isn't just pettiness and religious bullshit pops the audience so this is a good play. Yeah, honestly. I think he nailed it in terms of how he needed to thread that needle.

Jordan  1:06:00
Yeah, he's he's pulling out a rat beef. That's what he's going for here. Because it's not what is just trying to Sneaky sneaky talking about the Democrats have it that nobody cares. The CIA is not involved. You just want to rat beef with Elon Musk. Because if he keeps coming, then it's great.

Dan  1:06:16
Rogan sneaky snake tones. That's that's one of Alex's great tricks is trying to get people caught up in fights with him that served to elevate his own position. I'll

Jordan  1:06:28
believe Elon Musk like a pig.

Dan  1:06:30
Great. So what would the show be without a little bit of veiled anti semitism? That's

Jordan  1:06:35
a good question. You

Dan  1:06:36
already heard the ADL is involved. And apparently they're running this shit

Jordan  1:06:39
did not know that.

Alex Jones  1:06:40
War on free speech has been directed by these big corporations. And the perfect example of this is the NBA not allowing any criticism by other players, or any criticism by the fans of Communist China and the Leaguers and all the rest of it, literal death camps, and a major NBA owner. Remember, he doesn't want to hear about the weekers they don't even register in his mind. When you talk about people in slave camps and death camps, having their organs harvested and work to death. That apple Foxconn laboratories. That's okay, because it's just Tim Cook's gay. He wears a turtleneck and talks imminently. But when Alex Jones questions a mass shooting when the rest of Internet does, why is the ultimate crime in history and now all populace need their free speech taken need to be punished. Heading up this whole global move to censor is the ADL. They're censoring in Europe. They're censoring in Australia. They're censoring in Canada. They're censored here in the United States, they decided to get censored. And now Albert Borla last week got an award from the gay guild for fighting hate. And they said that anyone? Anyone at any time that questions in any way. Any other shots or if they're effective or anything is a criminal is an agent of evil. He said it needs to be censored at the bank and taken off the internet. And that's really the big story we're talking about here. Right now. It's

Dan  1:08:05
a big story. I'd be interested to hear Alex squares his position about the NBA with his opposition to NFL players taking a knee as a silent protest against police brutality. I don't think he could. No, this is also just a talking point from 2019 that Alex is pulling out of his ass to defend himself because he really doesn't have an actual defense for his actions other than to flail and distract. Yep. Albert Borla is the head of Pfizer and on November 10, he was given the ADLs courage against hate award also a past recipient of that harm do you look kya Chobani right suit Alex. The reason he got this award had to do with well, I'll just quote his acceptance speech here, quote, anti semitic messages on message boards and on flyers posted in communities across the country suggesting that the Coronavirus was a tool for Jews to span expand the global influence that Jews were profiting from COVID and that Jews were the real virus, hate pedalers referred to the Jew vaccine to dissuade others from receiving it. So messages even referred to my own Jewish heritage and use it as evidence that the widespread vaccine effort was part of a calculated long term Jewish plot to institute a global Jew government. It makes sense why Borla got this award given the context of everything and while it's fair to agree or disagree with some of the points that he makes in his speech, he didn't say any of the things Alex is claiming. Alex probably only knows about this speech and there's award at all because of this line. Quote. Now there are bright spots amid this darkness. Just last month, a jury awarded close to a billion dollars to families of those who lost loved ones in the Sandy Hook massacre, because one man with a microphone spoke disgusting and disgraceful lies. The jury flat out rejected his lies and made an unambiguous statement that such evil is not acceptable. That got an applause break from the audience. And Alex is probably just a little pissed off that he didn't actually get a name check.

Jordan  1:09:53
Yeah, yeah, that's pretty funny. Say my name. Yeah, it's pretty funny. Yeah.

Dan  1:09:58
So I think that's the only reason Alex even knows about this

Jordan  1:10:00
last a billion dollars and you don't even get a name. Yep.

Dan  1:10:03
So this entire segment is essentially Alex claiming that he didn't do any of the things that people say about Sandy Hook. Good segment complaining about Elon Musk. Sure. And then of course,

Alex Jones  1:10:15
you know, why don't you at least say the millions that from the shot is a little bit worse than me the devil questioning Sandy. So that's where we're at. All right. No, that's not fun about the Global's for fun about you got the biggest sell to you're going right now.

Dan  1:10:30
Even more ads

Jordan  1:10:32
biggest sale. The biggest biggest sale? They're putting gifts

Dan  1:10:35
in with the orders that you make. Maybe it's a bumper sticker. Yeah, you get some supplements. Who knows? It's randomly generated by the robots in his warehouse. They're gonna put little things who knows could be anything that you get like a cracker

Jordan  1:10:50
jack. Yeah. And

Dan  1:10:52
just as useless as jackass. Yeah. That's a big sale also double Patriot points.

Jordan  1:10:59
And if if, and I

Dan  1:11:01
will say this he was code 1776 checkout, if his if his surprise

Jordan  1:11:05
was one of the Batman Forever McDonald's mugs from the past. I might get something I really might. If he was thrown in old Batman Forever mugs. Those things were unbreakable. Number one

Dan  1:11:18
would open up my order from Infowars.

Dan  1:11:26
Great song. So Alex signed off. Yes, but then it comes from commercial

Alex Jones  1:11:31
Ellen show you're taking over here in just 60 seconds. I want to add one last point that I missed earlier. But I want to really highlight thank you to listeners and viewers for your support. And thank you for the outpouring I've seen not just on Twitter, but across the internet, and on my phone and in person on the streets, by people really, really supporting me understand you're supporting themselves in that process, and that they can take that Infowars they believe they can take us all down. Elon Musk, even on leftist Twitter is getting annihilated by people that see through their hypocrisy, and are pointing out of all the evil things that sit there. And all the lies they tell on purpose that they sit back and act like I'm this object of ultimate premeditated evil and and I'm saying that I should be ashamed of myself and you should all be ashamed of yourselves. It's the left again and trying to use Mind Control on us and gaslighting us and it's not working. So it's incredible. I mean, Trump again, won his poll by like two points, or whatever it was. I won my poll on Twitter with 3000 Plus votes by 10 points. So So just think about that, ladies and gentlemen, think about what a hypocrite must have been. I don't even want to go back on Twitter.

Dan  1:12:44
You're almost 50

Jordan  1:12:46
There's been so much whining, and now you're going to end it with I don't even want I don't even want it. I don't even want it. What it is, is the principal thing.

Dan  1:12:57
It's not even he's not even saying that. I don't even want to play with this toy crackerjack box. Oh, my God. I do think this was worth him coming back after he had already signed off though. That is. It makes sense. Well,

Jordan  1:13:11
he wanted to hit on it. And he didn't hit on it earlier. He did to thank everybody. He didn't hit on that. But what you forgot was that he doesn't actually care.

Dan  1:13:22
And he wanted to play more about Elon Musk.

Jordan  1:13:25
Great. Great. Just want to thank everybody. That's why it came back. Anyways, Elon Musk is a

Dan  1:13:30
real piece of shit. It would almost make sense if he came back. And he was like, I meant to touch on this earlier. I didn't bring it up. There was this shooting? Yeah, false flag. Yeah, something something quick, it would at least make sense. But he doesn't talk about it at all. Not even once does it get mentioned? Nope. completely bizarre, more whining. So now Oh, and takes over and immediately brings up the shooting? Great.

Owen Shroyer  1:13:50
How is there not a bigger push back? And how is it that the basic instinct of survival and freedom has been so beaten out of the American consciousness? That whatever you think is the proper response to a mass shooting, that we don't have the proper response to individuals wanting to disarm you? Because that's a pretty big story. And if you think the mass shooting at a gay nightclub was bad, that resulted in five dead and 25 injured. Do you have any idea what kind of a bloodbath disarming the American people would be? Yeah, yeah. What just look throughout human history at what authoritarian regimes, this arming the citizens looks like.

Dan  1:14:49
This is essentially a threat in Patriot militia type communities and ideology. It's well understood that when disarmament happens it's time that you got to start killing. I've brought it up a bit and Pass. But this idea is a central to the book, unintended consequences. Also in The Turner Diaries, the inciting incident that leads to the insurrection is the Cohen act, government confiscation of firearms. Oh one has reached the point of covering the story where he's just making veiled threats. If you think this mass shooting is bad, consider that if you tried to enact gun regulation, all my friends will start killing cops and engaging in a full scale insurrection insurgency, becoming the American al Qaeda that they've always wanted to be. So if you compare it to the killing that we would do if you enact gun regulation, this shooting really isn't that big of a deal. Think about it that way and stop complaining. That's basically the message here, which sucks.

Jordan  1:15:40
Yeah, and it only works so long as it's a threat. You know, it only means something so long as it's a threat, because obviously, if they were to actually try that shit, it's not going to they're not going to overthrow the fucking country. They're going to be criminals.

Dan  1:15:58
I want the rest of every Fuck, I would have thought similar things maybe two years ago.

Jordan  1:16:04
Sure. That's fair. That's fair.

Dan  1:16:06
I mean, even the morning of January 6, I thought, wow, there's no way this is. There's no way they're gonna get inside the

Jordan  1:16:14
Yeah, yeah. But I thought that was gonna.

Dan  1:16:17
I thought an attempt would go that far. That's that's the, I mean, there's a lot of surprises. Sure. A lot of expectations that we may have might, might be faulty. That's fair. That is fair. But that said, I think that overthrowing the government. Sure, maybe lofty but the idea of creating cells of Yeah, it's actually far more engaged and active domestic terror, I don't think is unrealistic for what they are capable of,

Jordan  1:16:49
I'm going to throw this out at you, and it's going to be an unpopular thought. To them. They're all lazy and cowardly.

Dan  1:16:57
Well, I might comfort yourself, constantly viewing the lazy and cowardly one. I think that behind that are a number of people who you may not have ever heard of. Who aren't media figures who are less sure. I mean, that's the thing you should be worried about. True. That's fair. Anyway. CBS News. Did a piece that Owens excited and condescending about.

Owen Shroyer  1:17:26
It gets a little old. It gets a little frustrating. Where last night CBS News, their big Sunday News Special. on CBS Sunday night news. You know what it was? You know what CBS News big special was last night after the football game. Everybody tuned in the grid. You know what the big CBS Sunday night news special reporters? Minions. Hunter Biden's? Labtop. Ah. Hunter Biden's laptop. Because you know that's from when was it in? Oh, November 2020. That was the or was it? October 2020. Gotcha. Two years later. Thanks, CBS News. I mean, guys, if you're not cheering along, if you're not clapping along at home, you're being a lazy bum. CBS News guy that guy's Hunter. Biden's laptop is real. Thanks, CBS News. But look, we can make fun of the mainstream media being light years by Infowars all day. And you just like I can sit here and make fun of the Democrats that make fun of me write about what's going on in Germany now. And that's kind of fun. And then we can pat ourselves on the back and it feels good, and we can't do that. But okay, let's get serious about it. Why? Why would the Democrat run media all of a sudden green light, the Hunter Biden story? Because they had it for two years, folks. I mean, they've had the Hunter Biden story for two years. Why are they greenlighting it now? After the midterms ahead of the presidential election cycle? I think it's pretty obvious what's going on here, folks. You have to prove obvious what's going on here. I think the Biden ouster is actually upon us. Oh, no, I think the deep state might be willing to give us this synthetic when feeling like we've got wind in our sails. When really we're just unknowingly doing their bidding for them by getting Biden out of the way

Dan  1:19:45
because then guess what? Guess what? Guess what? Hillary? I Hillary,

Jordan  1:19:49
I bring Hillary back. I just can't it's just too insane. Just to insane Stop it.

Dan  1:19:55
I thought Biden was gonna be assassinated before the midterms and oh, wait, hold on. Second, are we supposed to be out of diesel?

Jordan  1:20:01
I thought we were hit by a nuke.

Dan  1:20:05
So CBS News did a story about Hunter's laptop because and the timing of this is because they were able to acquire a copy of the data directly from the source, not a second or third hand thing. Oh, so you have to prove things. Yeah, yeah, they reviewed the data with a forensic computer specialist, or two who said that they didn't believe that they saw signs of things being added to the data and that it appeared authentic. Okay. This isn't the same thing as saying that all the absurd right wing media claims about the laptop are confirmed. It's not even saying that the basis for a lot of those claims is authenticated because these people like the Rudy Giuliani's of the world and such, they may be working from a copy of the data that's had files added to them. All the CBS PS can really assert is that the expert they spoke to didn't see signs of tampering in the data directly from the source. This isn't necessarily as much of a win as Owen wants it to be. And he doesn't get to congratulate himself for being part of a media organization that made a ton of shit up about the laptop after an actual media organization does some legwork. That doesn't actually prove Infowars clients. Yeah. Also, I fucking love this segment. I love this development so much. Now, I guess Alex and Infowars need to protect Joe Biden at all costs. If they attack him, they're just doing the globalist bidding because they want Biden out of the way. It's a trap.

Jordan  1:21:21
Ah, that's what I'm saying. Yeah, your right hand. They're just there's just nonstop? I don't, I don't think it may. I don't think it does make them feel good. I don't think it makes them feel good for CBS News to somehow pretend to confirm that they're right. Even if they were right, which they're not.

Dan  1:21:41
Also I just while I was listening to that, I tried to pat myself on the back. I didn't I didn't feel

Jordan  1:21:45
that I noticed that I noticed that I felt nothing. Yeah, I don't that it's tough to pull off a sarcastic clap. But one of the easiest mistakes a lot of people make you think it should go on longer. You don't need it to go on longer. Yeah, four claps maximum is all you need to know.

Dan  1:22:07
So Oh, and gets back to talking about the shooting. And of course, it's just distraction deflection course

Owen Shroyer  1:22:15
that we're so normalized to the violence in the inner cities and the shootings in the inner cities that it doesn't even make the news? Well, it makes the news, but it's never gonna make the big national news, it's never gonna be a big story. It's never gonna be a big controversy. That's sad. That's sad to me. That sad to me, that we're about to do this live on air and a couple seconds to prove a point that I can have my crew in there, and I can sit here in confidence. And I can say, Guys, we're going to do this live on air. And I have enough confidence to do this not and I'm not gonna look like an idiot. But they can plug in shootings, into a search engine. And we'll find at least one shooting. We could add it all up, we'll probably have dozens dead from shootings, in inner cities. Over this weekend,

Dan  1:23:04
this is so desperately Oh, and doesn't want to address the actual point and talk about the actual shooting, he has to deflect so much that he's decided to play a game of shooting roulette with the producers, which even if he finds a ton of shootings across the country doesn't prove the point he wants it to. If anything, it makes a stronger case for gun reform. I mean, yeah, but again, this is important to remember, he's the one who doesn't care about these shootings in the inner cities. He's the one who sees them as a prop, just that he can use to distract away from having to talk about the shootings that hit a little too close to home. People talk very constantly about addressing violence in inner cities. It's just that Oh, never hears those voices, because they're part of a community that he doesn't give a shit about. These are predominantly poor and non white communities. So he doesn't hear them and he doesn't care at all. No, but please, let's play this game of Roulette. Let's do it. Oh, let's see what you get.

Jordan  1:23:56
Yeah, all I have to say is I think this is a great job. Oh, in Oh, man. Good work still.

Dan  1:24:09
myself on the back again, didn't work. So he's just got to tread water because it doesn't go as smoothly as he thought that maybe these producers would find headlines right away. No, gotta gotta tread water. And I

Owen Shroyer  1:24:21
don't want to hear anything other than that, because that's what it is. You can call it an assault weapons ban. You can call it common sense gun legislation. I don't care what you call it. It's banning the Second Amendment, all of it. The violations against the First and Second Amendment in this country are out of control. And that's what it is. It is a violation when stop playing word games and call it what it is shall not be infringed. So, yes, banning assault weapons, whatever that means, is a violation of the Second Amendment. So Literally and then trying to write legislation to make that wall is to effectively ban the Second Amendment. So what's worse, that we've been so normalized by all the crime in the inner cities that we don't even the Democrats don't even use it politically. I mean, think about that. The Democrats will use any thing they can for their politics, but they don't want to use the crime in inner cities will now we all know why that is. What are you talking about if the skin color isn't right, and it's their cities that they run? But that's the left? Damn I.

Jordan  1:25:39
I mean, I That's crazy. That's an insane. That's just that is a person whose lives under a rock and is told news from fucking an insane person. And I personally

Dan  1:25:52
have not seen his home. So I don't know if it's under a rock, paid six figures, but he does just have people hand him fixed. Yeah, you're right. He is He is a tough situation aside, yes, he is somebody who has things handed to him. And he covers. He has no like awareness of political issues that aren't germane to the Infowars core message. So he doesn't know about political anything movements or activists that are working on other issues like inner city violence, or you know that that kind of stuff is just it's muted to Yeah, it's not relevant to him. He doesn't give a shit. Yeah. So of course he has this this sort of conception that no one cares, right? You

Jordan  1:26:41
don't you're the only person who do not if you cared, then you could go find people who care. It's not hard.

Dan  1:26:48
And unfortunately, your staff apparently can't find ya headlines for you to use.

Jordan  1:26:52
You know, what I've noticed listening to this much Oh, in is that, oh, when has the cadence and the lack of value to anything that he's saying? That requires him to make a point and then land it in order for it to sound and you have to say logic a lot. Exactly. Yeah. And Alex doesn't need to land upon. No, Alex doesn't need to do any of this shit. He's chaos. Exactly. Like that's the thing that Owen wants and can never have. Yeah, and

Dan  1:27:24
I think that that's one of the things that makes him so boring. Like Alex, like I said earlier, he's unpredictable in a in a certain way. He does get boring sometimes. And there's a lot of repetition, but there is still a knife's edge where you're like, anything could happen. This could go bad. He could storm out he told you the confidence to storm out of the studio. Amazing. Yeah, he doesn't give a shit because he runs the place right? Oh, and doesn't have that and he's really boring.

Jordan  1:27:49
And that's because if you have to land your point or argument or anything, then the landing should be good if you want it to be interesting or the landing should be interesting and it's landing isn't it superficial stupid

Dan  1:28:02
well and what is required to land this is he needs his producers to feed him exact line. Yeah, and that is not coming. Now he's treading water, but the new find a headline.

Owen Shroyer  1:28:12
So okay, survivor, Colorado Springs gay club shooting that left five dead. 25 injured says he missed a gunshots from music before hiding as cops consider hate charges against 22 year old suspect he was arrested for bomb threats last year. All he was arrested for bomb threats last year. And he gets away. And he shoots up a gay nightclub. So you know the Feds were already on him. You know the Feds were already watching him. And then Nope. It shows up at the gay club and kills 25 others injured 25 And no. But that's your fault, law abiding American. That's you.

Dan  1:28:54
I guess the crews having a hard time here. We talked about this earlier and the bomb threat charges weren't filed. So there's no reason to think the FBI had any involvement in the case nor that they were following Aldrich. And since I wanted to bring this up. I guess it's worth noting that there weren't any red flag laws, they could have triggered the confiscation of Aldrich his guns after the bomb threat. Would Owen support that kind of law or would that be a violation of the Second Amendment? If he doesn't support confiscating guns from people who make terrorist bomb threats, then his mention of the past crime doesn't really make sense here it seems irrelevant. What Owen is doing is he's trying to say that this is a false flag without saying it directly. The FBI got in contact with Aldrich after the bomb threat and then used him as a patsy or a Mind Control sleeper agent or some shit. This is a consistent pattern with Alex's mass shooting conspiracies from James Holmes to Adam Lanza. And Owen is signaling to that knowing that the audience is well aware of what he's saying without directly saying it. Yeah, good for you,

Jordan  1:29:50
my my lip teacher. When I was in high school, I was with him all four years and we became pretty close. And he always used To say sarcastically, I might add that sarcasm is a tool of the weak minded right? But when he did say it genuinely, he was speaking specifically about Owen Troyer

Dan  1:30:14
satire, so he's still gonna kill more time because these headlines aren't coming.

Owen Shroyer  1:30:20
By the way, the gunman was subdued by patrons at the club. So good for them. So brave nightclub goers in Colorado Springs are better at their job. Well, not their job better at protecting lives, let's say then the you've all the police. Oh.

Jordan  1:30:41
Where are you landing on this? What is happening?

Owen Shroyer  1:30:44
Good for them coherent about a gun, then they probably could have killed the guy and none of this would have been so bad. But okay. Common sense to logical.

Dan  1:30:54
So the Patriots neutralize the threat of the gunman, but according to Olin, they could have done it even better if someone had a gun. Weird. It's fucking stupid. And that's dangerous as an idea, odds are that someone with a gun wouldn't have been able to subdue the shooter much quicker than they did. And in a crowded nightclub. It's really dangerous to be in a situation where you're exchanging gunfire. That's insane. You have a really high likelihood of hitting another patron. Really dumb stuff. But I guess that the only thing better than a good guy who takes care of business without a gun is a hypothetical good guy with a gun who does a better job, I guess. Looks like those producers aren't having an easy time finding a shooting that fits Owens narrative here.

Jordan  1:31:34
Yeah, weird. Yeah, I mean, it doesn't get more obvious exactly what's going on. Then the right wing being like, Oh, this guy who just neutralized the shooter. He can go fuck himself because he didn't have a gun. Very weird. What are you talking about? That's not a hero to you is the that's that's a hero regardless of political ideology. Right. But

Dan  1:31:56
also like, is it a better outcome for someone to have killed the shooter than for them to face consequences? I mean, um, you know, like, be tried in a court there's I don't understand. I mean, I do understand Yeah, of course. But it

Jordan  1:32:13
but no, there can no that no heroes cannot be it can be non white and non male and have to have guns like it is. It is like the only hero is our fictional John Wayne. If the real John Wayne was gay, which we can't ever possibly believe.

Dan  1:32:31
So Oh, and finally gets to some headlines. Yeah. Not good. Well, two injured

Owen Shroyer  1:32:36
from two overnight shootings in Baltimore. This is all over the weekend. Delaware County, Philadelphia Police investigating deadly double shooting.

Dan  1:32:44
I don't know if the producers are asleep at the wheel or what but I guess Owens just gonna reuse the same headlines he brought up on Sunday's show, which seems a little bit soft. If these are the things he insists no one cares about, I would suggest you look a little bit deeper. The first shooting you mentioned is in Baltimore. And if one were interested, he could check out the Abell Foundation, a nonprofit committed to combating gun violence in Baltimore through investing in community programs that aim to intervene in in an at risk situations and prevent future violence. In 2021, they dispensed over $14 million in grants to community based projects in areas like workforce development, education and the arts. This is a group that takes the problem of gun violence in Baltimore very seriously, and is working to address the underlying causes and influence of it. Or if he wanted to go like a more religious route. He could discuss the Catholic Charities safe streets, Baltimore, there are many other groups too. And this is an issue that's discussed widely. And the secondary to know and brings up is outside Philly. And the same dynamic is true in Philly as it is in Baltimore. There are tons of people with goodwill working hard to create solutions to the problem of violence with community based initiatives. The premise that no one talks about these shootings because they are politically useful or whatever is just false. It's just a one. Yeah. What are the issues with what's going on is there in the right wing there's a rising tide of anti LGBTQ sentiment that a bunch of folks are writing to make a name for themselves in that media sphere. The lives of tick tock account essentially exists solely to demonize trans people and drag performers. Matt Walsh's entire brand now seems to be the guy who's really weird and angry about other people's sexuality and identity. Alex Stein put himself on the map by sexually harassing AOC and I was making antagonistic videos that drag queens storytimes anti trans talking points fueled way more than one GOP midterm campaign. And it would be hard to find a right wing media pundit who didn't traffic in the calling random LGBTQ folks groomers for horrible crimes like being a teacher. In this environment. It's clear that a target is being put on a particular community who are being scapegoated and used as a punching bag for political points. That's a scary and dangerous situation that we all understand leads to violence. We've already seen children's hospitals targeted for bomb threats after being pointed out by libs of Tiktok proud boys have shown up and crashed drag queen stories I'm yelling about grooming kids often well armed, it's crystal clear to anyone paying attention that this is a situation where the ice is thin, and the people who are escalating this tension and raising the temperature have no intention of stopping. So when there's a mass shooting like this at a gay bar, like what we saw in Colorado Springs, it's very easy to understand how that that hits particularly hard for people who care about and respect LGBTQ folk, the writing has been on the wall, let something like this was bound to happen. The people who were inciting hate gleefully continued to do so. And then the horrific happened at the scene. You know, at the time of doing this episode, it does remain to be seen fully what the motive for the shooting was. It's easy to jump to conclusions that this was definitely an anti LGBTQ motivated crime. And I think that the preliminary information points in that direction, but it is possible that there's another another motive there that we're yet to learn. Even if that is the case, it doesn't change anything about why an event like this would be particularly painful. A community suffers a tremendous loss and a deprivation of a place where they felt like they could be safe. Well, that entire media ecosystem demonizes and dehumanizes them and in response, the media ecosystem pretends that the shooting is actually their fault, because they hosted drag brunch events. The actual shooters motive aside the toxicity and fully committed nature of the anti LGBTQ positioning of these right wing figures is on full display. And it's repulsive. Anyway, if Owen wants to continue playing this game, where he has an intern Google shootings that he can pretend to care about, I guess we can do that. But he is very clearly ignoring a very salient difference between things, because it's threatening, and it implicates his worldview. And I just think it's pathetic.

Jordan  1:36:43
Yeah, yeah. I mean, it's it's hard to have lived through so many fucking genocides around the world that have happened, beginning with this type of rhetoric and not look at this type of rhetoric happening around us and and not be fucking

Dan  1:37:06
I mean, the outcome is not good. The next stages after these kinds of portrayals of people, it doesn't lead to, ah, acceptance. Yeah, we come to a greater understanding of each other. No, that is not the path that the right wing media figures, like we discussed have any interest? And that is troubling. Yep. So oh, one

Jordan  1:37:32
has a revelation, how it's been using what brains get where

Dan  1:37:37
it is had good, go, good, gone, you

Owen Shroyer  1:37:40
knew what I was going to cover next. And that was the issue of globalism and the global government. And it hits me as I'm looking at the stack of news dealing with the global government and some of the geopolitical news stories on my desk. It just hit me and it's so obvious. But we have to remember this almost everything politically policy wise, that comes from the Democrat Party is just a feeder into the World Economic Forum into the One World Government. And so that's what really needs to be understood and that's what's so upsetting because all all these all these Democrat policies are all disingenuous, they don't really mean any of it. It's not based in logic, reasoning, or even law based economy but okay, why when you when you when you realize it, if Democrat Party policy is just a feeder into the World Economic Forum, just a feeder into the global government. Okay. So let's let's apply that to what they're doing with gun legislation and what they want with gun confiscation. And then does it hit you? Then do you see the clearer picture here? Do you see the bigger picture? Do you see the 10,000 foot view now? Folks, they can't have their global government with 300 million to armed Americans.

Unknown Speaker  1:39:08
Thank God work.

Jordan  1:39:09
What?

Owen Shroyer  1:39:11
So yes, of course, the Democrats are trying to disarm you.

Dan  1:39:14
This is fucking pathetic. Owen is presenting this as a revelation. He had well looking at his news that the globalists need to disarm Americans because they can't bring in a world government with so many arm patriots out there. I mean, this is a new thought that he's presented to the right. This is the most elementary Infowars talking point going back decades.

Jordan  1:39:32
It is the fundamental talking point of the entire thing. The whole

Dan  1:39:36
reason they want to take guns according to Alex's documentaries, and constant rambling is because they need an unarmed population who can't fight back when the UN troops or the devil or Klaus Schwab invades this is one on one stuff. And honestly, this would be like me coming here on episode 751 of our podcast and saying, I looked at this stuff I listened to Alex and oh, no, you know, like, it dawned on me that they aren't since See or about the things they say? It just hits me that they ramp up bullshit in order to push an extremist right wing ideology and so useless products to they're terrified and trapped Audience What a revelation I just had mind

Jordan  1:40:10
boggling. It's ridiculous. I, when he started, I wrote down, it's nice that they can still learn about the globalists. Yeah, it's nice. Well, that's the end, he ended and I was like, you can't learn anything about the globalist is

Dan  1:40:24
this is a tactic that people can use to make a trite thing sound somehow more important. It's the same thing when Alex was like, last night, I was thinking and I saw the full picture, you know, or whatever. It's, it's a grandiose elevation of a mundane claim. Yeah, in some ways. I remember this. It makes me feel like, like, what I remember from K life or like youth groups, and when I was in church, and like, it would be like, I had this revelation. God loves you. Yeah. You know, it's like, okay, you had that revelation. But like,

Jordan  1:40:57
Um, no, you're not understanding. He loves you.

Dan  1:41:00
Right? Okay. Great. All right. And then simultaneously, I do also makes me think of times when I was hanging out with people who are too high.

Jordan  1:41:10
Eight reminds me of when a boss would come

Dan  1:41:12
in, they'd be like, Hey, I just realized I'm wearing

Jordan  1:41:15
shoes. Everybody's doing their regular as jobs sitting in front of the computer. Every now and again talking in the boss comes in and is like, Hey, man, I just had this idea. What if we tried an ad campaign? And you're like, that is how business works. Now. I don't know what else to say to Yeah, man.

Dan  1:41:31
The globalists want to take guns because they need to to to work. Yeah, I You should watch some of Alex's films.

Jordan  1:41:37
Also, you can't arm 300 million Americans, because some of them are babies.

Dan  1:41:43
Well, now. According to the law. Fair till the Patriots takeover.

Jordan  1:41:51
Fair enough.

Dan  1:41:52
God it's for baby.

Jordan  1:41:53
What gun could a baby conceivably use? Like I mean, obviously. Yeah, of course. That's a baby gun. Yeah, naturally.

Dan  1:42:04
They need to take your guns. Yeah,

Owen Shroyer  1:42:05
in order to get their global world government you can't have an armed civilization. You can't have America you can't have a free people. So of course, they're going to use any and every opportunity to convince you to turn your firearms in. And of course, they're going to use it when we feel like we're at our most vulnerable, where a school gets shot or a nightclub gets shot or a movie theater gets shot. And of course, they always want to tie it in to the to the politics of being gay or the politics of whatever, oh, you feel even worse because it's a gay club. And so it's even worse than it's a gay club. See,

Dan  1:42:46
it's not necessarily worse because the shooting happened at a gay nightclub like a shooting like this would be bad no matter what. But there's an element that Owen is intentionally ignoring. It's worse that this shooting happened at a gay club because we're currently existing at a time of increased anti LGBTQ rhetoric being normalized at a time when the prevailing attitude and the right wing is that we should regress back to a time when society had absolutely zero tolerance for any non sis non straight identifying person, a shooting that appears to target that community at a time when that rhetoric is flying around the right wing freely, does sting a little more than it might otherwise. But mass shootings, particularly in public places are awful no matter what the shooting at the Walmart in Virginia last week is a horrible tragedy. For example, I just I don't I just don't think that this is an honest exploration of anyone. Anyone's actual feelings. I don't believe that. Oh, it actually feels this way. No, I mean, I don't know what he feels. But this is not like, this is not a well considered. Dealing with reality. No,

Jordan  1:43:52
no. Well, I mean, what they want is to say, Okay, we all recognize that gun violence is a problem. How about our solution is we do nothing. And then we get to continue yelling at our politicians about how they don't do anything, which I'm telling you that they shouldn't do. So then you can yell about these politicians that don't do anything. And you'll believe that I'm helping you in some fucking fashion beyond all reason. And then you'll blame the politicians and still listen to me. And anyways, the point is, I'm going to be rich, the popular more people are going

Dan  1:44:24
to die populist message is going to be a chicken in every pot and a Derringer in every Caribbean.

Jordan  1:44:29
Absolutely. Yikes. What should your little baby be r&b but it's something with like, rifle sticking out the other end, you know, so no one pointed at your face to make sure you take care of that baby. Right.

Dan  1:44:43
So one thing that I've noticed is that look, this is a revelation. I don't know how I couldn't have noticed this before. But Info Wars lies. They just make stuff up here. And so in order to talk about this shooting, oh, and just lies Yeah,

Owen Shroyer  1:44:59
please, always is important to remember what really lurks behind the Democrats and what really lurks behind the Republican establishment. That is the right leg of the Democrat party of the larger body politic. That is the World Economic Forum. That is Klaus Schwab. That is the great reset that is the global government. And people need to understand that especially dealing with all of these domestic political issues and policies that might not make sense. I mean, nobody should nobody should understand why the Democrats want to disarm you that that should confuse everybody. You have your Second Amendment violated, because a known criminal is a a deranged lunatic who already was on FBI watch list for bombings and what an arrested for bombings. And he goes out and shoots a gay nightclub. And now you have to turn your gun in and now you have to be a good slave. That shouldn't make sense to anybody.

Dan  1:46:01
You don't have to turn your gun and also Owens just lying II just making up if the shooter was on an FBI watch list, because if he makes up that detail, it makes the shooting way more suspicious to the audience and encourages them not to take it at all. Seriously. Wow. Oh, and insists that the anti LGBTQ ideology can't possibly be the motive for the attack. And no one knows the motive. He feels like it's somehow appropriate for him to just make shit up in order to build up his imaginary motive and explanation for the shooting. And this is just fucking disgusting. Yep, making shit up. I mean, look, sometimes there is a certain amount of jumping to conclusions that happens. There's some assumptions that are made sure this is a factual lie. Yeah, this is just something that he's saying. Because it works better for him. Yeah. Which is good for style.

Jordan  1:46:46
Yeah. Yeah. He's just so stupid. He's just so dumb. He's just so dumb, but also boring. Yeah, I know. It is. It is unfortunate that the length of time he's allowed to speak in public. Yeah, for I mean, money. Yeah, that's a problem.

Dan  1:47:04
So speaking of things that went on too long, yeah. Oh, it's complained about Twitter too long. Great. But Owens got to touch on

Jordan  1:47:11
that. Of course.

Owen Shroyer  1:47:12
And I don't want to belabor this too much, Alex Jones already in the first hour as we enter the second hour of the Alex Jones Show, but it's frustrating when Elon Musk says okay, I'm gonna make sure Alex Jones is still banned on Twitter because I have no mercy for anyone who would use the deaths of children for gain politics or fame. So I guess Elon Musk is really I mean, he is really feeling good about himself these

Jordan  1:47:38
days, isn't it? Yeah, for a South African emerald.

Owen Shroyer  1:47:42
Because, you know, he's the one that should be doling out mercy. I guess that's the position he viewed himself in as the owner of Twitter now. Okay. So but by this logic, Elon, anyone who would use the deaths of children for politics, those are your own words. That's your own quote, here. Elon had no mercy for anyone who would use the deaths of children for politics. Okay. You know, that's not just Alex Jones, right? Writes Elon, come on Elon, Elon. Elon. uses the deaths of kids for politics. Elon, Elon, and then I mean, wouldn't you say that, you know, politics is then used for gain and fame. I mean, technically, if you're using the deaths of children for politics, also gain and fame follows. So you on

Unknown Speaker  1:48:41
I, worse use

Owen Shroyer  1:48:44
the death of children for politics. Elon.

Dan  1:48:49
is embarrassed. He sucks. So you know, he's trying to make the argument that people who, you know, talk about school shootings in order to push for gun reform naturally, those are the people who

Jordan  1:49:00
he was trying to blame the Sandy Hook parents.

Dan  1:49:01
I would love to play this game with Owen, though, because he's in a trap. I guess he just wants everyone who could be accused of using the deaths of children for political gain to be kicked off Twitter. So Elon would be morally and intellectually consistent. If he does that. He kicks all of them off. I guess we can make a really clean sweep of all anti vaxxers Then because their whole thing is just using the deaths of children as props to build up their political power. Oh, and I guess you could also give the boot to every anti abortion advocate. No, I think Owen wouldn't like it too much if this standard was applied, but he's having a lot of fun here saying Ilan, condescendingly

Jordan  1:49:38
oh my god, he's just the worst. Also, Odin is conveniently leaving

Dan  1:49:41
off the part where Elon says that the reason that he has no mercy for someone like Alex is that quote, My firstborn child died in my arms. I felt his last heartbeat. Oh, and probably doesn't want to go anywhere near that, considering that his claims that Neil Heslin couldn't have held his son after the shooting at Sandy Hook were kind of at the center of a lot of the law. lawsuits and I would understand if he was once bitten twice shy. If I were him, I would totally ignore that part too. But it's kind of glaring.

Jordan  1:50:07
Yeah. Oh, what are you gonna do? I think what's funny about that is that this time, he might actually have a better chance of saying that, because the is Elon Musk's with the mother of that child replied to Elon Musk's tweet, saying, I know, I'm the only person who cares because I was the one there. But I was the one holding the I think I saw, I don't know if that's true or not. But what I'm saying is that if you were going to say that he didn't, you have far more to go on than anything else.

Dan  1:50:39
I understand where you're coming from, but you touch that hot stove. Oh, fuck that. I don't want anywhere. I don't want any part of that. So Oh, and I believe he's a fan of DeSantis a bit, or at least the things that he's saying. And this is funny.

Owen Shroyer  1:50:53
This is the basic stance that needs to be applied for any of our elected politicians here in America, and it's Ron DeSantis. In clip 18.

Ron DeSantis  1:51:05
I want to have the values not of Davos imposed on us but in places like destin and Dunedin where I grew up. Things like the World Economic Forum. Those policies are dead on arrival in the state of Florida. We are not going to go down that road.

Owen Shroyer  1:51:23
Yes. Cheering roar of a standing ovation. I'm hearing it right now. Now he's in the wire that he's doing government visions in a government building. So you don't really get that. But did you hear it? I heard it. I heard it. Yeah. Just

Jordan  1:51:36
imagine the CIO. Is he saying that fact figuratively, like, oh, I can hear in my mind the cheers of non existent people. Yes.

Dan  1:51:43
Yes. Oh, boy. Now there weren't years. But imagine that. Yes, I am. Yeah, I will say what did get a chair was when Albert Borla shit on Alec. Yeah,

Jordan  1:51:53
that did get a chair that got a big old chair didn't I suppose yelling, are saying that the World Economic Forum is not welcome. And Florida is not the applause line that you might be thinking on account of? What the fuck are you talking about? Yeah. What do you mean? What are you talking about?

Dan  1:52:09
So? Oh, and touches on Ukraine? A little bit?

Jordan  1:52:13
Yeah, he's the person I want. Yep.

Dan  1:52:15
insightful comment. Oh, yeah.

Owen Shroyer  1:52:18
So instead, let me just try to put it to you like this. Let me just try to put you in real layman's terms, human terms. Ukrainian Russia are in a civil war. That how that works is taking major deaths, major defeats at times, overall, they're winning. And overall, they've accomplished their agenda, but they didn't want to see 10s of 1000s dead. They didn't want to see all the damage done to infrastructure, most of it actually done by Ukraine missiles provided, by the way, I mean, and they don't like seeing their prisoners of war get shot and raped and have their genitals cut off and torture videos. This has all been going on by Ukrainians this year. And so they don't like that. And so you need to understand that the only reason any of that is happening is because of the West backing Ukraine. Ukraine would not have any of this. They would not have the weapons, they would not have the support, they would not have the confidence to committing these to be committing these war crimes and these heinous crimes against Russians against Ukrainians against their own people. And seducing people. They wouldn't have any of the competence to do any of this, if they weren't getting supported by the West by the United States of America.

Dan  1:53:31
So well, human rights abuses are alleged to have been committed by Ukrainian forces as well as Russian forces this explanation that Owen is giving his bullshit. This is embarrassingly pro Russia and its framing and anyone who took their job as a news commentator seriously, would it would they wouldn't do this bad job. Quick note, though, as you responded to Russia and Ukraine cannot be in a civil war. They're not. That's just not how that works. In essence, Owen is saying that Russia had the right to invade and to seize territory, though it is Ukraine, and that the only reason there's any problem is because Ukraine fought back with some Western support those states terrible Oh, they should have just accepted large areas of their country being taken their president likely publicly executed and Russia installing a puppet head of state. That is Russia's right to do that's what they have the right to do. And because Ukraine didn't go along with it now all this bad stuff is happening. It's actually fairly similar in theme to comments that are coming out about the club cue shooting, particularly the way that Matt Walsh and Tim Poole have framed it. The shooting happened because the club had a drag brunch that they decided to it was a grooming of that. It was the shooters right for there not to be a drag brunch at this bar. But the government of police didn't shut it down for him so he invaded to take care of it. In both cases, there's a state of affairs that they have deemed to be correct. In Ukraine, it's that Russia could do whatever it wants. And in the case of club Q, it's that LGBTQ folks can't do anything if it in any way offends the extreme right wing. Ukraine didn't bend to Russia. demands. So they're really responsible for Russia invading. And the folks that club cute didn't do exactly what the extreme right said. So it's their own fault when violence isn't acted upon them. This is a really troubling mentality. And if you think about it for even a minute, it's not hard to see how this can be applied very easily to justify atrocity, particularly against groups that you have spent years demonizing anti human, I'm

Jordan  1:55:21
not even going to engage with that. I'm going to engage with his own arguments. Okay. All right. So what he's saying, is that what he should What Ukraine should have done, is allowed the Russian government to come in and disarm the citizens of Ukraine, thus taking over their territory and installing a fascist dictatorship.

Dan  1:55:45
Yep. Do I understand that correctly? Yeah. Because yeah, Owens consistent.

Jordan  1:55:49
Yeah. Okay. Just wanted to be sure that that was what he was saying. Right. They should have done thereby saying that the correct answer to globalism is for the United States to lower its weapons. Oh, no, no, no, give them to the World Economic Forum, because the World Economic Forum is the world and we're just one country, so they own everybody. So they can just walk in and what we should do, especially if it's Russia, if Russia comes in here, we should give up our arms to the government. Well,

Dan  1:56:22
he might actually say that. That's actually a good point. He also laments quite a bit about how Putin is mad, I just don't be able to repair this relationship with Putin.

Jordan  1:56:34
It's just it's that same thing of like, what they're saying is so obviously stupid on its face, that it goes against what they're saying. Like that. Matt was making fun. Oh, look at you with your fake guns. Like, what are you talking about? Oh, this guy would have been a hero. If only he shot the guy instead of stopping him from killing people. Oh, this guy would have been the one that we should never give up arms. But Ukraine should have fucked off into the night.

Unknown Speaker  1:57:03
Yeah, well,

Dan  1:57:04
I mean, I think what you're wrestling with is that nothing means anything. And these are all just incendiary and irresponsible, poorly thought out arguments right. Made for their own sake, and for the sake of getting through the day, advancing right wing ideology and selling dumb pills. Yeah. Yes. That is what I'm grappling with. Yes, initial revelation is

Jordan  1:57:23
it's an issue.

Dan  1:57:25
So Oh, and gets back to talking about drag queens storytimes. And the idea that there would be people armed there. And just in advance a little bit of a warning, we got some T slurs coming up. Oh, my God, because of course, because of course, and so here, here is just some dumb commentary.

Owen Shroyer  1:57:48
You have liberals that go to drag queen. Drag Queen tranny time for kid events, at libraries that just happened over the weekend. And you know what they do? Do you know what the Liberals do at drag queen for anytime for kids? You know what they do? Get this. This is gonna blow your mind. Now. You ready for this? Who came up with this idea? Do you know what they do? Do you know what liberals are doing? At drag queen training time events? They're protecting the kids with guns. I know. I know, guys, how that might blow your mind. But we have it right here. You can see this is in Denton, Denton County, Texas. And you see that the left decided to show up with armed men in full blown military outfits.

Dan  1:58:51
You covered this with Alex Stein yesterday. I know what are you doing? So is ridiculous. And you can hear the slur and the the way that this is being covered is dehumanizing and demonizing of the people there and feeds into exactly the problem that people are discussing. And he's basically making the argument for everyone. Yep. So we have one last clip here where he struggles to understand people showing up armed to guard and I find that to be

Jordan  1:59:21
I'm no, no, it's no no, no, no,

Owen Shroyer  1:59:25
no, I'm just I'm just trying to put it all together here. So we protect the kids at drag queen tranny time with guns. God damn it may protect them from the Big Bad conservatives. But we don't protect the kids at schools with guns at the school. The answer is to disarm. Gotcha. I'm just trying to make sense of all that's asking the essence of questions trying to make sense. So that's where we're at now lives

Dan  1:59:56
that we're at labs. So first of all, there are plenty like there's a lot lot of schools that do have armed officers. And I can I can explain this to him, it's actually really simple. For one thing, the people who are going there guarding that event, they weren't there as officials hired by the state, which they would likely have to be if they were there guarding a school that would involve like a super complicated administrative process to happen. Whereas this is just people taking it upon themselves to show up in practice their Second Amendment rights, which everyone should love. Secondly, there's a bit of a difference between these events and schools. If proud boys and groups of right wing lunatics fed a steady diet of sensational and bigoted narratives about how the schools were secret grooming programs targeting kids were showing up at schools routinely to disrupt things. And if there were bomb threats being directed at schools that were pointed out by anti LGBTQ social media accounts, and an entire section of the media was obsessed with demonizing schools and teachers. In that instance, maybe Antifa would show up at schools. That isn't happening in the case of schools, but it is in the case of LGBTQ spaces particularly focused around drag queen storytime, so it kind of makes sense and essence Oh, it is a part of the media ecosystem that is obsesses about these events lies about them sensationalizes them labels people involved in them pedophiles and or demons and then Marvel's at the idea that people would show up to provide security from the people who consume that media and show up to antagonize and disrupt the events. He knows what he's doing. And this is very weak. Yep. Also, today, he does realize that this video he's talking about is from the same weekend that there was a mass shooting at a gay bar, that high profile right wing figures are justifying by saying that there was a drag brunch at that bar, right. I mean, this is insane. I don't I don't understand how you can. Yeah, I can understand it. But I couldn't understand how someone acting from a place of like, decent intention. Yeah. Could make these kinds of points. It's just, it's,

Jordan  2:01:50
yeah, no, I mean, that's that's the type of thing that you can't say in my presence. I mean, wow, just fucking Wow. So

Dan  2:02:00
it's bad. Wow. The coverage that they had is bad. I, I just ay wrestled with whether or not I find it more objectionable than the stuff like Matt Walsh's coverage? Sure. I don't know, I don't want to choose. I refuse.

Jordan  2:02:20
I would say that at the end of the day, they are on a team. They all exist in concert. Yeah, you know, yep. They're all the same same Rico case, if you will. It's just

Dan  2:02:32
it's it's, it's baffling to me that people would respond to a tragedy by acting in ways that serve to make more tragedy more likely. Right. That seems to me to be a not good way to operate. And I resent it. I find it to be awful. I don't like listening to it, especially when it's coming from Oh, and on a lighter and less serious note. I think that listening to this much Oh, and really bums me out. But the worst thing that also was a little bit reassuring in as much as like without Alex there ain't no business you know? No, because like, you know, there's these little flourishes that he thinks are funny. Like, I'm just asking questions

Jordan  2:03:22
Elon, Elon, oh my god, there's the

Dan  2:03:25
these are the things that I think that he has as what he would like to be those idiosyncrasies that we were talking about the things that give him panache. Yeah. Like this is my character and flares. little

Jordan  2:03:37
childish sarcasm thing is supposed to be a character, but in fact, he's just a whiner. Yeah, he's just whining. Yeah. And it's really really frustrating. Yeah,

Dan  2:03:46
I don't feel I don't feel like that's appealing to an audience. And I think it bears out in the download numbers on Pandora video of his own show versus versus Alex is that mean just it's bad. His presentations bad is points are weak. When he tries to do this grandstanding, I can find shootings, I can play this game all day. Can't can't even land that bit.

Jordan  2:04:12
I mean, it is it is so much just, especially in reaction to this. It is a group of people who want money and power and they just don't care if there's a river of blood beneath them. And they'll pretend there isn't that's that's better. We would like money and power. And if there's a river of blood that it takes to get there. Fucking fine. I'll just pretend that it's everybody else's fault. I'll just pretend that's

Dan  2:04:38
probably where the blood come from. Exactly. That person. Yeah, it's

Jordan  2:04:41
so no, don't look at the trail that leads to me. It's probably those people over there. Yeah, I know. The trail leads to me. But haven't you read that book about Hansel and Gretel? Hey, they they they didn't know where they were gone.

Dan  2:04:56
So this sucks. Yep. Sorry to have put this episode Together brutal. Man, I guess I did make this episode, but it's not my fault that Owen did the thing.

Jordan  2:05:06
No, no, no, it is not your fault. No This and this is what needs to be like, I didn't know how fucking awful the response was. Because I don't I mean, I'm off Twitter. I'm off

Dan  2:05:19
all that shit. Yeah, yeah, but I could assume you mean in the broader media? Exactly. Yeah.

Jordan  2:05:24
I mean, obviously, I didn't know how I assumed how awful it would be on Infowars. But I didn't know how awful it was across the land. Yeah, you know, and, and to hear this shit is very, very important to recognize exactly where we are.

Dan  2:05:39
You know, maybe I'm jaded by Infowars. And maybe it's a function of Odin being there instead of Alex. But I honestly I think that their response isn't as bad as like, you could assume. Ya know, they've done way more distasteful. A drill amatory coverage, this is still pretty inflammatory. Yeah. But I there is an argument to be made. And I'm not positive of it, but that other people were worse than Infowars. I mean, I don't know if that's, I think I think that's the case.

Jordan  2:06:13
I think that's a result of the lawsuit. I think that's a result of the judgment. I think it's a result of all the times that I mean, you can see it and how many times he had to so obliquely be like, this might have been a false flag, you know, the distance that he they had to keep from those types of things, but how much it would have allowed them to go further?

Dan  2:06:34
How much of that is because of the lawsuit? And how much of that is because of Owen style? Yeah, it's totally difficult to say because, right, we don't have as much of a vocabulary Owens tricks True. True. But yeah, I mean, it's hard. It's, it's, it feels it feels like maybe it is a function of the lawsuit. Yeah.

Jordan  2:06:56
There's definitely, there's more gardens, you can see that the lawsuit had an effect. Well, that is for sure.

Dan  2:07:04
I mean, let's take this on just a simple elementary level, Alex is conceivably taking time off because of the loss. He doesn't even get after effects of the loss. We even get to the show itself. Alex says absence is at least in some part, a consequence of the lawsuits

Jordan  2:07:21
which means Infowars, his reach is less. So this this horrific shit reached fewer people than if Alex was in studio. Yeah, I guess that's true. You know? Yeah, I guess that's what we're going for.

Dan  2:07:38
So we'll be back. Hopefully with a not as a horrific Yeah, maybe maybe something a little lighter. But we'll see. But until then, Jordan, we have we do

Jordan  2:07:46
have a website. It's called try.com. We're also on Twitter. We are on Twitter. It's at knowledge underscore fight. Yeah, we'll

Dan  2:07:52
be back but until then, I'm Nico. I'm Leo MD ZX Clark. I was at Monticello.

Jordan  2:08:00
Monticello. Yeah. The from the from TJ TJ is the home

Dan  2:08:04
of Thomas jobs. They have a big library their new shed. Yeah, huge. Everything. Yeah, everything like Thomas Jefferson ever wrote

Jordan  2:08:12
ever wrote everything that's like five, six different things. I

Dan  2:08:15
was looking through the books.

Jordan  2:08:17
Oh my god, one

Dan  2:08:18
of the books actually, like leaned outward he writes, What was the I pulled on one of the books and it turned around the bookshelf? Yes. Okay. And inside I found a manuscript, unpublished manuscript by Thomas Jefferson. Ah, here it is.

Jordan  2:08:35
You got a WikiLeaks.

Dan  2:08:37
You gotta read that shit. And now here comes the sex robots.

Alex Jones  2:08:41
Andy in Kansas, you're on the air. Thanks for holding. Well, Alex, I'm a first time caller. I'm a huge fan. I love your work. I love you.
