Alex Jones  00:04
Red Alert. Red alert. Red alert. Red alert. Not not not not not not not knowledge damn and Jordan I am sweating knowledge parties.com It's time to pray.

Unknown Speaker  00:21
I have great respect for knowledge.

Alex Jones  00:24
Knowledge. I'm sick of them posing as if they're the good guys shank me or the bad guy. Knowledge five Dan and Jordan knowledge five need money Andy and pansy Randy you're stopping Andy and Ken handy in Kansas. Bray Andy in Kansas surely are placeholders. Huge fan. I love your world. Knowledge by knowledge fight.com.

Dan  00:59
Hey, everybody, welcome back to knowledge Friday. I'm Jordan. We're a couple dudes sit around worship at the altar of saline and talk a little bit about Alex Joe

Jordan  01:05
and Dr. Dan Jordan.

Dan  01:08
Jordan, quick

Jordan  01:08
question for you. What's up? What's your spot today,

Dan  01:11
buddy? My bright spot today? This is not my bright spot. But just as a matter of context. Sure, you know this already? Yay. Formerly known as Kanye West, on Infowars Sure, on Thursday, yeah, it appears that December 1. And that's what we're gonna be talking about today. But because of this, I ended up thinking about like, what's my history with yeas music?

Unknown Speaker  01:36
Sure, sure. I

Dan  01:37
was never a huge Kanye West fan in terms of the music, right? I thought like, you know, here's some of the songs on the radio like Jesus walks. That's fine. Good stuff. I think that toast to the asshole song was a maybe a searching moment. Like a pop song. Sure. Sure. Like he was taking the piss out of himself in a way that I realized probably wasn't sincere. Right, right. In hindsight, well,

Jordan  02:00
I don't know how much of what was that on? What was that Dark Twisted Fantasy? I don't know how much of that was a genuine soul searching. Certainly. Now I

Dan  02:08
realized like the first time that he came into my orbit or my sphere, was when he was a guest on the dilated people song this way. Interesting. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. That was the first time Yeah, bananas, I guess probably I'd heard of him maybe as a producer or something like that. Prior to that. That was on Neighborhood Watch. Their third album, right? And so like, but but I was thinking about that was like, Man, I haven't heard the Dilated Peoples in a long time. Was that 2004

Jordan  02:38
I was gonna say, How did you not hear the blueprint? Man?

Dan  02:42
I also wasn't that huge of a Jay Z fan. He's not like listening to albums like multiple times. I get what you liked what I liked. I get well, yeah, I'm not defending what I liked his great. I'm not fighting you. So anyway, I went back and I listened to the dilated people. And I enjoy that stuff. Yeah, it was pretty good. Nice. Bright Spot. Yeah. Well, I was working on some of this stuff to prepare the episode. I was listening to a little bit of the platform. Sure. And expansion team. Yeah, it's good. Solid albums. I don't know what happened to them later. I don't want to find out just in case. Yeah. Oh, boy. There was one song I can't remember which album it's on, but that's featuring the alcoholics. The lyrics. Okay. Okay, what about guys a great, great lyric. Batman character walk through my hood. There's no love Dashiell jakim for his cape and sport that shit to the close.

Jordan  03:39
That's pretty great. That's great. It's pretty great.

Dan  03:42
Anyway, what's your bright spot?

Jordan  03:45
What's my bright spot? I forgot in the length of time. Oh, no, my bright spot is my wife and I were enjoyers of The Amazing Race. Sure. It's a big word. You

Dan  03:59
got me on it. Yeah. Great show.

Jordan  04:01
I love I love traveling. That's my favorite thing to do. You know? Yeah. Um, and the final the second the last episode. We watched it. And there's this team of long lost twins. Oh, no. And I can't not be in love with long lost twins. How do you not

Dan  04:18
especially when they're forced together?

Jordan  04:21
Oh, and they just love each other so much. Like it's crazy how much I'm in on the long lost twins team.

Dan  04:28
Let me ask you a small clarification. Did Did they reconnect before the show or is the show their reconnection?

Jordan  04:35
They found each other like right before the show. Okay. And then the show was there like we're getting out of our normal everyday lives and we're just gonna connect as long lost

Dan  04:46
a long lost twin. Here's guaranteed casting. Exactly, yes. long lost twins wins every time. Yeah. If they met like 10 years prior then it might not have as much of the not as well. It's

Jordan  05:00
fun, ya know? Which, which is very cynical. Yeah.

Dan  05:05
Like an entertainment TV show perspective. I want them to learn

Jordan  05:10
right? Of course at the head. So yeah, they were in the last place. One of them knee injury. She's hoblyn Right. Last second they come in third. They qualify for the fine, nice. Ah, it's just a great moment to be

Dan  05:23
awesome if some other team gave them a roadblock. Like these long lost,

Jordan  05:30
not root for love loves to be there. Log loss twit come on true.

Dan  05:33
All right. I do enjoy travel as well. And I appreciate you selling me on the show. Although I do think there's something slightly not great about it as much as they're like jumping from location to location. Yeah, there's not enough time to like really appreciate all of the places they're traveling. Right, right. But still, you get to see a lot of great stuff. And a lot of

Jordan  05:54
well, in the last episode, Citi, they were in Iceland, and they Iceland's a very small island. Sure. So you were there. I was there. So my wife and I are watching it and just going like that was remember that and then we're showing each other pictures of us, man. It was great. It's a fantastic time.

Dan  06:10
I've I've had that experience watching some things like that go to Hawaii. Yeah, yeah. So Jordan, today, we're gonna be talking about December 1 2022. The day that yay, went on Infowars. Yeah,

Jordan  06:25
I've been listening. You know, I wrote back in the day, whenever we had a terrible website, me and l furring and drunky and Jack Baker and friends, suburbs, suburbs comedy, I wrote this thing, I had this little thing that I called 50 spins, where I would listen to an album 50 times and then really get into each individual track. Sure, you know, like that. And I did both Twisted Fantasy and Life of Pablo. And so I was listening to that today. And I was really like, you know what, I'm excited because I know Kanye is on but I don't know what the content is. Or

Dan  06:59
we should we should be clear about that. Yeah. You only know that Kanye was on or yeah, he was on. Yeah. You don't know anything about you turned off the internet.

Jordan  07:07
I heard you really turned out that you I opened the browser at one yesterday. It said Kanye was on and I was like Good night. And I have not seen the internet since but I'm sorry. I interrupt. And so I'm excited because those albums really, I think prove to me that he's coming back like this is going to be the interview where he takes it all back. He reveals that this is a performance stunt. Like he's going to do the whole thing. And we're all geniuses to Tim. We're gonna love him again. This is what it's gonna be. I'm excited. Jordan.

Dan  07:37
Anyway. That's the case. That's not not. Before we get into all this business. Let's take a little moment to say hello to some new wall. Oh, that's a great idea. So first, the future X Mrs. Alex Jones, thank you so much. You are now policy wonk.

Alex Jones  07:51
I'm a policy wonk, thank

Jordan  07:52
you very much.

Dan  07:53
Thank you Next drunken Irishmen AKA a perfect tool, aka Grandmaster Squatch and the sneaky ham thieving snakes. Thank you so much for an hour policy. Well,

Alex Jones  08:02
I'm a policy wonk, thank

Jordan  08:03
you very much.

Dan  08:04
Thank you Next Nick loves Jules and this policy wonk shout, I will echo through the internet as an immutable monument to that love forevermore. forevermore. All cat, thank you so much. You are now policy one.

Alex Jones  08:13
I'm a policy one. Thank

Jordan  08:14
you very much.

Dan  08:15
Next Loki the best spectacle the pup for the third anniversary of his adoption. Thank you so much. You're now policy wonk. I'm a policy. Thank you very much. And also sorry, that's late. Next. Not hatch. Thank you so much. Now.

Alex Jones  08:30
I'm a policy.

Jordan  08:31
Thank you very much.

Dan  08:32
Thank you and Tucker Brandt, parenthetically the good one. Not Carlson, thank you so much. You are now policy. Well,

Alex Jones  08:38
I'm a policy wonk.

Jordan  08:39
Thank you very much.

Dan  08:40
And we gotta take a credit in the mixture. So thank you so much to thanks for all the fish and whistleblowers. You are now a technocrat I'm a policy wonk

Alex Jones  08:49
telling you brilliant someone someone sodomized sent me a bucket of poop daddy sharp. Jar Jar Binks has a Caribbean black action. He's a loser. Little little teeny, baby. I don't want to hate black people. I renounced Jesus Christ.

Dan  09:08
Thank you so much. Yes,

Jordan  09:09
thank you very much.

Dan  09:11
So Jordan, in cases like this, I often try to come up with some opening thoughts, and some, some introductory comments, and I kind of failed to come up with anything. It was really difficult to come up with a synthesis or a real point here, right? That we won't we'll get to all of it as we go through it but there's nothing I can really say other than yay showed up. Yeah. After storming out of Tim pools show sure for Tim Poole not agreeing that they means the Jews right. And here we are. And here we are. We know Alex is not great. Right at interviews true. He's clearly in a subservient state. He's flanked by gay on one side I had Nick Fuentes on the other night. Great. And it's just, I mean, it's a train wreck. This is just bad. It's bad on 100 levels. And one thing that I think I guess if I had to give an introduction, it would be that I've seen a lot of people talking about this. And giving takes, and they're all wrong. Yeah, they're also all

Jordan  10:20
right. Sure. That is where we exist exist in you know,

Dan  10:24
there is a hey, yay, says a bunch of terrible stuff. Absolutely. Correct. Also incorrect. In as much as there's, there's also things that some people are missing that are really bad as well. There's Yeah, it's worse than than just bad. Yeah,

Jordan  10:40
no, I, when I open to the internet, and saw that Kanye was on I stopped, and I closed it, not least of which, because I just can't ever believe that anyone in the media will listen to our how not to cover Alex Jones episodes. And so the amount of failure and embarrassment I'm expecting from them is staggering.

Dan  11:00
Well, and the other thing that that plays into that is there's this like even Alex's, like, put off by Oh, fuck off. You know, there's some of that. Yeah. And I think that there is a little bit of that. But larger picture, there's a context in which he is put off and gives pushback. Yeah. And I think that that dynamic is something that is being missed by a lot of commentating on this. So that's something that I'd like to pay attention to as we as we go through this. But first, before we get into anything, Ah, here's another context around Oh, boy.

Alex Jones  11:33
I'm just kind of not I'm not on the whole do thing.

Jordan  11:39
Oh, I'm not on the whole Jew thing.

Dan  11:43
And you can see how like he's struggling to just put that in. Is my look, man. I'm not into the

Jordan  11:54
Hey, maybe that's you, but that ain't me, man.

Dan  11:59
So here we go. We start off, I should say, just for a little bit of context. Yeah, he's wearing a full face mask shirt, like a balaclava but with no eye holes, and it's just a black mask. Cloth mask.

Jordan  12:15
He's a stagehand in a Broadway show.

Dan  12:19
Yeah, I guess so. Okay.

Jordan  12:20
All right. So he's invisible.

Dan  12:23
The whole show. I'll show you ever.

Jordan  12:26
completely invisible. I can't see him. Okay.

Dan  12:30
It's a little bit off putting just just right out of the gate

Alex Jones  12:33
is Thursday, December 1 2022. I'm your host Alex Jones and in studio yay, is our guest Give me your next three hours or so. And also America first leader. And that is Nick point as Ali Alexander Owen Shroyer, and many others are also going to be coming through here today. And yay, has arrived in a new ensemble here with us. But I'll assure you it is. Yay. Thank you so much for coming. Awesome.

Unknown Speaker  13:03
Thank you. Thanks for having me.

Alex Jones  13:05
Would you like to start as flexible five minute segments is just kind of a prelude to what's coming up. What do you want to cover today?

Kanye West  13:14
This God runs the world and Jesus is the way of life. And it's time to put Jesus first. And the way that we run our businesses, the way we the way we run our families, our businesses and the way we run our country. Of course,

Alex Jones  13:32
your radio listeners run over 40 radio stations, they can't see you right now. Your This is a new look for you.

Unknown Speaker  13:39
Oh, no, I've been wearing a mask for a while.

Alex Jones  13:42
Yeah, this is an archetypal example of the mask is off by putting the mask on.

Unknown Speaker  13:47
People can take it, how they how they want to take it.

Dan  13:50
Yes, he's wearing a full face, cloth mask. It's weird, but honestly, I don't really care if there's some kind of artistic meaning behind it. There really isn't any point in saying he's going mask off because that masks been off for a while now. And I guess he could be aiming for something along the lines of like rejecting his own celebrity and making himself appear to be an anonymous blank slate. But even if that's the point, it's dumb, because if he were just any random person making the statements he has been, no one would pay him any attention. The only reason no one's kicked his ass yet is because he's gay. Ironically, his celebrity status grant him the privilege to say this bullshit and people actually pay attention to it. Yeah. It seems like his main goal here is to say that we need to center things on Jesus. And that's all good and well to a point to say that people should put Jesus first in their homes is kind of an opinion that doesn't work for everyone. But it's not a problem so long as it's not something that's being imposed on people, suggesting that businesses and our country should operate in some religious fashion, however, is antithetical to the United States and our constitution that Alex claims to love. That isn't a problem for Nick and da though. They want to be a part of a Christian fascism that's completely disconnected from the liberalism that values things like freedom of religion, freedom of speech and free association. It's unclear how much Alex is aware of that. But the people he's talking to say things that he likes about God, but they're advocates for a system that would completely destroy all the things about America that he pretends to love. Anyway, this is possibly as innocuous as gay could have started off the interview. And already he's saying something pretty fucked up that Alex should push back on, but doesn't right.

Jordan  15:31
I'll say this one not concerned about Christian fascism so much, because I was reminded that if that were the case, then banks wouldn't be able to charge interest. So I'm sure that they would kill whomever gotten their way. I'm not concerned there. And to put a riot, ah, Putski a riot. Okay. He's worried about policy. Do you see what I'm doing? Plus a yay, Ryan,

Dan  15:58
I apologize that I didn't grasp that immediately. I've, I'm on. I'm on a light amount of sleep. Yeah,

Jordan  16:04
no, I forgive you. But I'm pretty proud of that.

Dan  16:09
So look, there's a lot of stuff that comes off is kind of non secretary. Sure. That's just the nature of having a talk on a mic. Right. And this is a little bit of that.

Kanye West  16:21
People can take it have a how they want to take it as just, you know, it's interesting. If you look at a Michael Jordan or something, you load up all these pictures, and he's smiling, and he's holding a basketball. He's jumper from the free throw line. And then you look at Phil Knight, and you barely can see a picture of him. He's got his face covered. So I don't have to show my face. It's me. What's my that's my right.

Alex Jones  16:47
Absolutely. Well, that's such. That's what Hollywood wants to do, though, is to control everybody's images.

Kanye West  16:54
Exactly. So I'm in control of my image now.

Dan  16:57
That's stupid. Phil Knight is the co founder of Nike, and there's tons of pictures of him smiling. You can find them online very.

Jordan  17:04
I just don't know. Yeah, sure.

Dan  17:06
I will say that there aren't pictures of him dunking from the free throw line. But that might just be a skill problem. That

Jordan  17:10
is an issue.

Dan  17:11
Although Phil Knight was apparently quite an athlete back in his day. Is that day was

Jordan  17:17
50 years probably a ways back probably a ways back. Yeah. So I mean, you know, Jordan had a Hitler stache. So you never know. You never know where things are gonna land

Dan  17:27
through. Jordan couldn't Dunk from the free throw alone now. Well, maybe why

Jordan  17:30
I'm worried. Honestly, only because you said that. Yeah, he will hear it and go I will fucking Dunk from the free throw line. Yeah, cuz Dan freezin said I couldn't do it. Yeah, he's crazy. Yeah.

Dan  17:42
So look, there's just like I said, it goes all over the place. Right out of the gate. Yay, decides to touch on the issue of everybody being very mad about pedophilia related and think he has a bad take cult,

Kanye West  17:59
you know, like, one of the big topics right now is all of the pedophilia advertisement. And my take on that is, you know, there's there's one place in the Bible where it says God sees sin differently. And there's another place where it says let me get on my phone. I can like, really pull up the exact thing it says in the Bible, the general Bible to it after the five minute break

Jordan  18:24
is phone away. You have Jesus didn't have phones,

Kanye West  18:28
stay strict to everything and remove as much sand as possible in order to serve God. And when people look at pornography, when a when a grown man is looking at a grown woman have sex on camera, you're still looking at someone's daughter, and you're looking at a lot of times someone that is the product of pedophilia. So people will engage in going to strip clubs are looking at pornography. But then they the moral compass is like, Oh, my God, look at the pedophiles. But in a way, anybody who looks at pornography is a form of a pedophile also, ooh, that's damned all in. It's very simple. We're not going to be talking about all this moral code and these standards right here. It's either Christ said so or Christ said no. Yeah.

Alex Jones  19:20
I totally agree with you back in 60 seconds. Powerful information.

Jordan  19:25
Cannot Hey, quick question Christ. Where do you stand on V R? Ah, can I have virtual reality SEC says that count.

Dan  19:34
Gray said know what? It's in Deuteronomy. There we go. So this stuff that you're saying is not a new idea, necessarily, but it's one that's pretty important to push back on. The first thing that merits pointing out is that it means nothing to say that a person in a porn film is someone's daughter. That's just a way for you to couch a rigidly paternalistic and misogynistic view of the world into a form where you can present it as if it's based on some kind of like a sincere concern or care for another person, instead of what it is a lust for control other over other people's lives. The tale here is that he doesn't say that male actors and pornography are someone's son. That isn't part of this because at its core, it's really just a desire to exert control over women. In 2013, the Journal of Sex Research published a study titled pornography actresses and assessment of the damaged goods hypothesis. This was a name given to a theory that higher rates of drug abuse, childhood abuse and overall psychological problems led to women gravitating towards pornographic work. The study took the histories of 177 women in adult entertainment, and 177 women not in that field, and ultimately concluded that the two groups did not have a difference in terms of childhood abuse. What yeh saying has no connection to reality in the big picture, there are certainly people in pornography who are survivors of childhood abuse. That's the truth of people in journalism, marketing or any other field. Now, if EA cared at all about this issue, the angle he could be taking is to discuss the abuse that happens within the adult industry. But that's a larger issue that I'm not entirely confident I can cover appropriately, perhaps another day, and da doesn't seem to care about that all that much at all. Yeah, the point here is that Yang is coming out of the gate hot with a complaint that feels different than his recent anti semitic outbursts, but it's actually not people like IE Michael Jones, who Nick Fuentes is a follower of had been very public. They believe that pornography is a Jewish weapon against Christian society. So this is actually more on theme than it might appear to be. And Alex isn't picking up on these threads or if he is he's not pulling on them at all. Yeah, he's just presenting this in a way that masks that underlying point. And so that made it just it comes off as if he's like, Oh, you are you? You care?

Jordan  21:50
Yeah, no, I mean, it's easier to look at a porn industry and be like, Oh, see, look at all this thing. Because you can you can process the abuse against women in a way that allows you to kind of internalize this? Well, they may be they're kind of where they should be point of view, as opposed to dealing with the fact that all women in all jobs everywhere are subjected to violence, just by virtue of being women, and more than 40% of them will experience it at some point in their life, regardless of what you do. So yeah, well, maybe deal with the big problem. But no, I think we should control their ability to do and say anything.

Dan  22:31
And I think I think that there is a an element of this that is definitely rooted in these anti semitic narratives that people like you, Michael Jones, and Nick Fuentes perpetuate. But I think that there's another thread that relates to pornography that will sort of become more and more clear as this interview goes on. Yeah, that I might, it makes me a little bit worried. But hey, there's worse things in this interview. So hey, you know, you know,

Jordan  22:59
don't take your forest for the trees.

Dan  23:01
So, you know, we're clearly talking about Bibles, and Bible stuff. You said you're upset. He has his phone. Yeah, he also has a Bible. Okay, good. Yeah.

Jordan  23:11
Well, now I'm feeling better. Yeah.

Dan  23:12
So anyway, Gabe decides to read, like a verse from Proverbs.

Jordan  23:16
How he's got his eyes covered in that balaclava.

Dan  23:19
Yeah, but I think maybe it's one you could still see through. I don't think he's blind. But let's be clear, bad idea to wear a full face mask when you're recording an audio. That's just you're a little bit muffled it's

Jordan  23:32
tough to understand. Yeah.

Alex Jones  23:34
Some states just don't care in the first time but you just dropped some bombs that I totally agree that are huge. Yay. So recap data continue on sir.

Kanye West  23:42
Okay, so I looked this up. It's about sin. That's what we're going to talk about sin today are the wages of sin is death do everything that we can we're imperfect, but to fleet to free ourselves of sin and repent for sin throughout the day, at night and in the morning so right here the Bible says are here and I'm gonna do Corinthians two like Trump you know new new Christian kind of reading of this so bear with me I love Jesus. But um you know, experienced Christian, then shut the fuck up about erupts. 616 Dash 90 And I'm sure that's the wrong way to read it. It's okay, you got the floor. Okay, identify seven things that God hates. Although there are not any punishments prescribed for those Scripture clearly indicates that God does view sin differently and that he prescribed he prescribed. He prescribed a different punishment for sin depending upon its severity. Now watch this one.

Dan  24:50
You get a little sense of a little bit of insight about what's going on in this clip, but I need to stress this. I'm never going to take religious advice from a new convert to anything Now, if I need help understanding what a particular holy text says or what a religion is about, I'm going to talk to somebody who studied it or someone who has a lot of time under their belt. Interesting. The last person I think is a decent source is someone who is clearly in the grips of a public meltdown, who's recently adopted a new religion has and has decided they figured it all out and they need to scream about it is an issue when that happens. Yeah, enthusiastic, but maybe not all that helpful. Oh,

Jordan  25:24
man, you know, there's nothing better than a real brand new evangelical Christian, they're not annoying at all.

Dan  25:31
So yeah, he is not reading a verse in Proverbs. He's clearly reading some article about this verse or maybe a blurb and like a study Bible. The verse says, quote, there are six things the Lord hates seven that are detestable to him. haughty eyes, a lying tongue, hands that shed innocent blood, a heart that devises wicked schemes, feet that are quick to rush into evil, a false witness who pours out lies, and a person who stirs up conflict in the community. The only thing I think of when I read that verse is how guilty Alex is of so many of those things. He's a complete liar. He crafts wicked schemes constantly bore false witness in his own trial, pretty much and his actions do little more than stir up conflict in the community constantly Drew, if you were serious about this, at all, this period should be him confronting Alex about all this, but that's not what this is about. It's, you know, I don't know.

Jordan  26:23
I mean, here's my problem, quite simply. Does any How do you not stop and think Wait a second. Am I am I supposed to believe that the God who created the universe also wastes his time coming up with individual punishments for random sins?

Dan  26:43
Sure. Okay. He's got all the data God has 1000 years.

Jordan  26:47
Well, sure. But I mean, like, is that because he's bored? And if you have a bored God, I want a different god. I do not want a God that gets bored because that guy because when I get bored, shit starts getting weird, you know, bored gods.

Dan  27:05
So yeah, he goes on to turn into swans

Jordan  27:07
and slug a lady.

Dan  27:08
He talks a little bit more about this sin issue? Sure. And I found this interesting. Okay,

Kanye West  27:15
that was just one. It says where the, the phrase all sins are equal in the eyes of God comes from, as far as I can tell, the most common argument for the belief that all sins are created equal comes from the book of James to 10. States, for whoever keeps the whole law. And yet stumbles at just one point is guilty of breaking all of it. Now, I'm a big fan of Steve Jobs, even though he did create app right there. And if you notice, the logo of Apple is actually the fall of man, the forbidden fruit, the bitten apple, right. So we can get into, you know, what, what social media has done to families and all that we can we got three hours, right. I could

Dan  28:01
tell at that point that yeah, he was reading from something. So I decided to try and track down the exact phrasing that he was saying. And it matched one website word for word. He's reading from a blog post on a site called equipping godly women website for quote, busy Christian moms written by a woman named Brittany and no shade on Brittany. But this isn't a source you'd pull from if you had a high minded and serious interest in discussing whether or not God believes all sins are equal. From a theological perspective. This is honestly pathetic display. And it's not because it's someone who's early in their Christianity, but it's because it's someone who's profoundly unserious about this. Yeah. And is going on a national radio show TV show hosted by a real piece of shit. Yeah. And expounding on this. Yeah, yeah.

Jordan  28:49
Yeah. Yeah. What a weird thing to do. Yeah. What a strange, strange thing to do. Like stepping back from the awfulness of it, just as a decision tree, you know, like the number of decisions that lead you to this point. That's a lot of bad ones. Like that's at least 40 or 50. Bad decisions in a row, like you could flip a coin. Somebody convinced him to flip a coin with all decisions, and we'll get

Dan  29:14
50 that are better. Or at least 25 or

Jordan  29:18
50%. Better, better. Yeah.

Dan  29:23
Bad decision, as will continue to be the case. So like I told you getting seems pretty mad at pornography, and he is a little illuminating.

Kanye West  29:34
We have a mission right now to save our families from social media from Zionist control and bring Jesus Christ back to the forefront and we're protected you know, I don't have security. My security is the angels by security is the fact that I didn't load up pornography last night, and I said this addiction is gonna have to flee from me. You know, this addiction since I was five years. Oh, whoa, Droid, my mom and my dad's family that destroyed my family. Like, when I take full accountability for the destruction like, of my marriage, when I when I out playing it the liberals and say you'd like to buy from me, you know it took my life for me the fact that I was married to this beautiful person, but I felt like it wasn't enough. I felt like I still needed to look at pornography in some way. I'd say to her, we'll stop making these images stop breaking the internet. You know, that original term comes from my ex wife actually having a nude photo that I didn't know about that someone use her and put it on a magazine. But there's somewhere where we're flooding Well, if my husband got bad news for you, I still want to be like doing this and this becomes people reliving the traumas, pushing the addiction. the pornography industry is not even a big industry. It's like less than $10 billion. Right? So that means that it's not used for prosperity. It's used for disparity. What

Dan  30:55
a couple of quick points here. Sure, if pornography ruined VAs marriage, that's gays fault, not the porn, you bet. Even if we grant that he was addicted to the stuff that's still his issue. The dude just sounds like an angry loser who wants anyone else to be responsible for the situation he's in other than himself. The way he is talking sounds intensely abusive, and I can totally understand Kim leaving. He's claiming that he has a problem with porno, and his way of thinking he can deal with it is to exert control over how his wife appears publicly. She won't let him control her. And thus, it's her fault that he can't stop with his porn addiction somehow, yeah, he's so averse to correctly assigning responsibility that he has to insinuate that Kim was like duped into that picture. It was a Paste Magazine, I believe that like the internet article, don't give a shit about a Kardashian. That's absurd. But in order for him to preserve the image of Kim is a good person and not part of the evil system that he's up against. She has to have her agency stripped away from her. And Yang has to not have been aware of that photo shoot. It's just childish shit all around. And these are the kinds of issues that could really be helped with therapy. So much of this is ego based nonsense. And unfortunately, to confront these kinds of issues, you do need to approach them with a little bit of humility. And that just seems impossible for you at this point.

Jordan  32:12
Yeah. It's, I mean, it must be tough to have humility when the world was like, You're the greatest ever. That's tough. I recognize that. That'll make a person go a little bit insane.

Dan  32:26
Sure. Yeah. Yeah. When you get away with like, calling yourself Yeezus. Yeah.

Jordan  32:31
Yeah, people are like, Well, yeah, sounds good.

Dan  32:36
I feel I feel like maybe culture enabled. Yes. A

Jordan  32:42
little bit. Yeah, I can't, I can barely take a compliment. And that dude was getting you're the greatest human being alive. Shit. Yeah, no, I get it. I get why he's crazy.

Dan  32:51
So people say that. Yeah, is anti semitic. People say no, he that Nick Fuentes is a white supremacist.

Jordan  33:00
You know, it's fun. I think the only thing that they really have in common is saying the N word more than a million times in private,

Dan  33:06
huh? Well, and that they're Christians. Sure.

Kanye West  33:09
There is I want it or they people have heard from Nick. But he people have heard from Nick, with yeh, Sen. And right next to him. You know, it's like, that's the thing that the Zionists control the 300. And control of the media and control of the governments, they want us to connect to each other. Like my dad said, okay, they say you're anti semitic, but they say he's a white supremacist. And he's asking me, well, what's the difference? I said, Dad, there is no difference. It's just separation. And that's actually an interesting thought, separate and confused the Christians and make us afraid to stand next to each other. A Christian can stand next to anyone we can go visit our Telly in prison. We can go talk to Harvey Weinstein. That's what Jesus did. Yes. Because Jesus go to Jerusalem with everyone. And but if the Zionists can get us so afraid that they're going to do what they've been doing to me attempting to put me in jail, freeze my couch, smear me on the media, you know, all of these things, you know, you put on the whole armor of God, and they will not be able to break your spirit.

Dan  34:24
So it's really important to get clear from the jump that yeah, he wasn't using Zionist in any context. That doesn't just mean Jewish people. This isn't someone who's making criticisms of the State of Israel, for instance, in terms of the treatment of Palestinians, it's just someone using disingenuous language to make his anti semitism a little less transparent. Yeah. Also, there's no contradiction between the A's positions, and Nick's Nick as an anti Semite, to know, he doesn't like non white people, but a black man who is one of the biggest stars in the world who's shouting anti semitic shit at every opportunity, and isn't a high priority for Nick's hate. He's generally more concerned about immigrants and birth rates of white people and the disenfranchisement of minority voters. At least his primary race, racism based concerns for him. Yeah, those are his primary issues. And yet Jesus did go hang out with marginalized folks in his time, like sex workers and tax collectors. But he didn't go to the tax collector and then spend the rest of his career yelling about some idiotic shit. The tax collector told him, there's a little bit of a difference in terms of the goal of hanging out with creeps. Yeah, he also

Jordan  35:31
didn't go to the sex worker and say that you shouldn't be allowed to do anything that you want. And you got tricked into doing this. And I don't think you have any agency and you should work for me. Right? And do that. He was like, Yeah, you're a good person,

Dan  35:46
right about you. I guess gay could go and like, evangelize to our Kelly in prison, but he just go and like three or Kelly.

Jordan  35:53
Yeah, I don't got set up. Yeah,

Dan  35:58
that's a little different than how Jesus might approach these things. He

Jordan  36:00
could try doing that for non famous people. What if he did, but I'm gonna throw this out there. Now. Maybe, maybe he's very insincere about his bullshit, partly because he is only concerned with other famous people. And regular people do not exist to him.

Dan  36:17
You know what that may or may not be the case. But in terms of an interview like this, I'm gonna give it a pass because you need frames of reference. Sure. And you can only really name famous people in order to make your points. But you're probably right. Yeah. So Alex is noticing some of this. Maybe Jewish talk coming up noticing a little bit early? Yes, there. And maybe he's like, I gotta I gotta cut this off at the past.

Jordan  36:43
Oh, my God. Did he not watch the temple? Nevermind. Of course he did. It was 20

Dan  36:47
minutes. Time for that. Yeah, of course. So he tries to do a little bit of his little Nazi deflection. Sure. That's fun.

Kanye West  36:55
So where do you want to start?

Alex Jones  36:56
Well, I mean, I would just start with this. There are good people from every group and every type of culture. And we all know that. But definitely the left. When it was American defeated, Hitler calls their opposition Hitler when both my grandfather's almost died in the Army Air Corps. Both of them almost died, one of them crashed, landed, after a mission and got all broke up. The other one got hit the German air raid in North Africa. And he'd only done like 18 was missions. And then he'd had a concussion and he was the captain. And then his buddies went the next day and blew up over Italy. He was always freaked out but never really talked about really died. But we die. We read the letters and all the awards, he had seven the things he did after that, and then you know, reopening and recommitting to the Army Air Corps. So I take it as an offense to have George Soros and people that actually worked for Hitler. rounding up people tell me I'm a Nazi, when I almost don't exist, but my grandfather's one over there. So So I got a lot to say about this. Oh, so close this nuanced with the whole thing that's going on, but expanding on that, give us because I want you to go wherever you want. So just let's just have you talk for 1015 minutes more before me and why we got a lot here from point why we heard but we want to hear from you. Go ahead.

Dan  38:03
So this is really sad, because I think that Alex thinks that this is going to be effective in cutting off the anti semitic stuff before it even comes up. He really thinks that saying that he almost doesn't exist because of the Nazis and throwing out this bland as sorrows lie is going to set the table where you can be presented as somebody who's saying controversial things, but he's being unfairly smeared by the ADL and sorrows. He clearly hasn't been paying close enough attention to what's going on if he thinks that because yeah, he doesn't give a shit about any of that. And it's not gonna stop him from saying the shady he's gonna say, yeah, if anything, saying that Soros worked for Hitler may be a complement and yeas eyes at this point globally. Alex, like Tim Poole, before him, wants to have his cake and eat it too. He's so used to dealing with a completely different sort of figure because he mostly just swims in the waters of right wing scam artists who are trying to use his platform to grow their own scam, right. He almost exclusively works with con artists who have extreme right wing politics they want to advance but are also really worried about doing things that will hurt their ability to run their scams. He's used to people who will equivocate or will accept his framing of their own fucked up comments. what Alex is doing here is giving a a template for how to proceed. He's trying to usher him into territory of anti semitic dialogue that won't get you in trouble because Alex knows that. Yeah, he's spouting straight up anti semitism, but that isn't something Alex can profit off of without altering his position in the market. Becoming more like EA would involve scaring off older more Normie members of his audience and without them the pill sales crater and he can't pay overhead on the expensive as studio. Yeah, but if Yagan moderators position they can make some money together and EA can still be super anti semitic. Alex is trying to present him with a way to bake in plausible deniability, seemingly unaware that yay isn't denying any of the shit. Except the Holocaust. Yeah, we'll get to that a little later.

Jordan  39:56
Of course he denies the Holocaust. Come on,

Dan  39:59
Alex says every reason to think that this would work, yay is there with Nick and Alex has had to do this with Nick in the past. I know for a fact that Alex was fully aware of Nick's white nationalism and neo Nazi beliefs as early as CPAC 2020. And he didn't care. He had Nick on repeatedly gave him his own channel on bandit video and went on tour with him on the stop the steel crusade. And all of that was possible because Nick played along with Alex's moderation language. But the thing is that Nick was playing along strategically, he was following the exact plan that we heard him lay out on our last episode where he wasn't showing his true ideology publicly, because he needed to be a more acceptable face to closer the the mainstream folks could accept, right, and then he could drop all the red pills he wanted when the time was right. Alex willingly or not probably willingly fell for that. And this is the end result of that. Yeah. These are the fruits of letting a hyper competent, charismatic Nazi. hijack your platform.

Jordan  41:03
Yeah, yeah. I mean, let's say that Dave, I mean, Lindbergh did it. So that was good. You know, we've we've got we've got precedent, not the first time that somebody who loves Hitler's run for president. I mean, what, you know, what is this The New York Times in 1936? God, how bad could it be? Right?

Dan  41:23
So it turns out, there's a you know, we know the team is Nick, Milo. And yeah, we know that from the Tim Poole interview. But it turns out, this is a deeper crew than we realized. Sure. It turns out Ellie Alexander is a bit involved in this in ways that were not clear previously,

Jordan  41:41
was yea wearing a balaclava on January 6, does anybody know where he was?

Dan  41:46
I can't confirm or deny, man but I do know that they're they're a SWAT team of truth, correct?

Kanye West  41:53
Well, I said with Ali, Alexander and Nick for when Tez that were like the SWAT team of free thought. And I go on with this battle ram at the door. And then they come in with these laser beams and have that information. And we work together as a team. A lot of times in media, they want to single out one person and burn them to the core. That is the Zionist approach. And they're asking me what same approach Well hey, don't say all people just say specifically the businessman and then I go on Lex Freeman and I say who had specifically and that's still not enough they're still taking it too far. Everyone knows and agrees now that it's like a reverse version of American History X the scene when they put the guy's head against the curve and kick the back of it. And now people are like curb is ticking the first so called crime doesn't deserve the punishment. What did I thought? That's right. You're

Alex Jones  42:48
not Hitler. You're not a Nazi. You don't deserve to be called that and demonized. Well,

Kanye West  42:53
I I'm sorry, what I see good things about Hitler also shared a Jew, I love everyone and Jewish people are not going to tell me, you can. You know, us, and you can love what we're doing to you with the contracts. And you can love what we're, you know what we're pushing with the pornography. But this guy that invented highways invented the very microphone that I use as a musician. What can say out loud that this person ever did anything good? And I'm done with that.

Dan  43:26
So yeah, I guess Ali is part of the team. And it's a real solid team of losers that yeah, he's putting together and who Nellie. So you see here Yeah, Aaron some of the same grievances he aired and other appearances and even making the same American History X analogy that he made on Tim Poole show. It's all stupid, very rudimentary anti semitic talking points. But what bears a little more attention is how Alex is once again trying to give gay advice in form of in the form of reframing a point he's making to make it plausibly acceptable to a wider audience. Alex is trying to give you the out that he was just saying things and it's free speech, and it's not like he's a Nazi or anything. And then in response, yet, he says Hitler did a bunch of good stuff. Like how he invented things that he totally didn't invent. Alex is not ready for this because it's supposed to be a full show interview in less than half an hour in yeh has rebuffed his attempt to make the disgusting anti semitic shit. He's a more acceptable to the audience, and in fact, has doubled down and made his statements worse. Alex should know that this is now going this is gonna be a long day.

Jordan  44:28
Yeah, Alex is like, Wait, hold on. Does he not understand that you're supposed to compromise your beliefs for money? I don't understand. Right? What's going on here? This is bonkers. Well, you

Dan  44:41
know there's the world has gotten mad. There's this interesting dynamic where Alex is like, you got to compromise these things and and sort of negotiate this territory for money. Right. And Nick is like, you got to know you got to compromise and negotiate your positions in order to be able to be worse later. Right, right. He's just like, fuck that Nazis are good. No, I

Jordan  45:03
think I think puentes is loving this shit.

Dan  45:06
I would, I would assume so yeah, I would assume so

Jordan  45:09
one, he gets to ride the coattails of the blackface of white supremacy and to who really cares about him. Everybody cares about you. So when yeh stops, he's got a higher profile. Except here's the problem. All right. There is no yeh to Hitler pipeline. I'm sorry. I don't care how good dark fantasy is. No one who likes Kanye. His music is gonna be like, Well, I mean, if this guy likes Hitler, clearly that's the way to go. Ah, no, Hitler. No. Yay. to Hitler pipeline. Too far.

Dan  45:45
I don't know, man. It's

Jordan  45:45
too far. I think

Dan  45:49
that okay, yeah. Here's what I would say. I'm not positive that there is a direct one and then the other. Right. Right. There is a roundabout way that this stuff that that yeah, he's putting forth leads down a road towards his seat. I

Jordan  46:06
think that's the interesting thing. Yeah, he's not doing the roundabout way that would lead towards Hitler. Yeah, he's going straight to Hitler. Well, is the heiling up and saying Come on, baby. But this

Dan  46:17
goes back to what he was saying about Ali, Alexander, Nick, and him being the SWAT team. And the metaphor that he's making is that he is like the, the battering ram that comes in and then Nick is more like a sniper, right? And does the more precise work right. And within that metaphor, he can go straight to Hitler. And it's still not have the negative effect on that gradual path, right, that the audience is meant to be walked down

Jordan  46:42
right now currently, I'm just going to throw this out there. I don't feel like Kanye is going to execute the plan the way they want it to go. No, I don't think he's a good executor of plans right now.

Dan  46:53
I would agree. But the essence of that, that makes what you're saying not really all that comforting. True, is that the battering ram does not have to be precise. You don't need that person to necessarily be the wrecking ball is not meant to, you know, necessarily follow the exact plan. You can be a couple inches off here and there. And it all works, whatever destruction and all that is being is going on, right? All advantageous true for someone like Nick,

Jordan  47:27
well, let me throw this out at you a few inches one way or the other? No problem. You're still hitting the same Castle, right? But if you go, say 1000 feet, the wrong direction and join the Nazis. I think that's different. I think that's different.

Dan  47:42
Time will tell. So anyway, yeah, he loves Hitler.

Kanye West  47:46
This guy that invented highways and Vinit, the video microphone that I use, as a musician did, he can't say out loud that this person ever did anything good. And I'm done with that. I'm done with the classifications. Every human being has something of value that they brought to the table. Especially Hitler. How about that one? Aria manual? How you like that one? Hey, Ron, you're gonna do anything to fix Chicago?

Alex Jones  48:13
I am worried about the 1000s of black folks down on mother's Chicago but but let me explain because that's

Dan  48:18
Ari Emanuel is Rob's brother. And throughout this interview, yay, will repeatedly say that he wants to take our his wife into a private room and help her with her fashion line in a very Christian way. Comes off a bit like a sexual threat. If I'm being honest. Ari has never been in charge of Chicago and Rahm hasn't been mayor here since 2019. He's the ambassador to Japan now. So I guess that'd be a better reference to make but who cares? Yeah. Also, there were 17 145 gun deaths in all of Illinois last year, but I'm not sure where these 1000s of black folks dying a month number Alex is coming.

Jordan  48:53
They always wrote a really essentially they'll always just be like, Oh, abortion.

Dan  48:57
Small point. There were also over 3000 gun deaths in Florida last year, almost double the number in Illinois. But seriously, Alex never seems to yell at DeSantis. About that. seems strange. It is weird. Also, there were over 4100 in Texas. Yeah, very strange.

Jordan  49:13
That's odd. Because isn't Chicago supposed to be the most dangerous place? Oh, so Oh, we're all gonna die. I'm so scared.

Dan  49:20
So we remember from the Tim Poole interview that you really thought it was weird that Rahm Emanuel and Jared Kushner both exist and are Jewish. That

Jordan  49:30
is strange. If you're crazy, he brings

Dan  49:32
us back up because it's such a great point.

Jordan  49:35
convinced me Yeah.

Kanye West  49:38
Favorite thing that I got to say with Tim Poole was Rahm Emanuel was right there next Obama. Jared Kushner was right there next to Trump. What are those two people, those two Zionists? I gave it away having common Neo liberalism and I expound on

Nick Fuentes  49:55
that. Absolutely. Yeah. You know, and it's interesting because you've been going on so Daleks Friedman and with Tim Poole and Piers Morgan, and they always say, Well, don't talk about a group talk about the individuals. And I will point out one, it's hypocritical because in the same interview, Tim Poole said, well, wouldn't you be so great for the black vote? You can say the black vote, we talk about Jewish businessman. And somehow that's a problem. You can't talk about groups when it's one but not the other.

Dan  50:21
So here's that SWAT team dynamic and full display. Sure. Yeah, he says something inflammatory for attention. Then Nick comes in and talks more calmly about it in a speech pattern of a debate team member given the given the appearance of credibility to what you just said. We talked about it last episode, but this Jared and ROM thing is fucking stupid. Just because it blew his mind that two Jewish people worked in two separate administrations, that doesn't mean it's actually mind blowing, he might just be an idiot. As for what Nick is saying, He's conflating two different things intentionally, but optically it works. And part of that is being done at Tim pools expense. Tim is stupid, and I hate him. But I still don't want him to be used as a punching bag by Nazis in order to make their dumb points look less dumb. Saying that there's such a thing as the black vote is not analogous to saying the Jews run banking. That is a false equivalence, it would be a valid point, if you were allowed to talk about the black vote but not allowed to talk about the Jewish vote. That would be where the difference would be something that you could point out, but that isn't what Nikkor gay points out because people talk about the Jewish vote freely. This is the not very subtle sleight of hand that Nick is engaging in and he's doing that trick because this point doesn't work without it. It's a dishonest point designed only to excuse and justify anti semitic talking points. And someone like Nick is more than willing to display this high school debate level tactic in order to sell his lie. And Alex is fucked because he can't even out argue a high school Nazi. Yeah,

Jordan  51:48
I mean, personally, my issue here is 20 At this point, both is dumb, and also is essentially Ah, see, Kanye can't be racist. Tim Poole is also a racist.

Dan  52:05
Um, or it would be like, if in order to say that yeh is racist, you would have to say that thinking that a black the black vote is something is also racist. That's that's what I guess but I don't know. It's just awful. Yeah. Anyway, Nick, is the worst.

Nick Fuentes  52:27
And the Talmud says that Jews have to treat Gentiles differently than they treat other Jews. There's all kinds of examples of this. They say that if you accidentally maybe religion is all delete, kill, how about that tile? There's nothing even wrong with that there's nothing morally wrong with that. They say that for a Jew to have sex with a Gentile is comparable to beastie ality. They say that the semen of a Gentile is like that of horses. Well, that's just true that you can't give a gift to a Gentile a Jew is not permitted under the Talmud to give a gift to a Gentile. They're not permitted to charge each other interest. But they're encouraged to charge Gentiles interest. They say about pedophilia, they say that that's in some cases, listen. Well, here's what

Kanye West  53:09
you're telling me. In their holy book. It says it's okay to be pedophiles. As long as it's not another Jewish person.

Nick Fuentes  53:16
That's only it came from Adam. I'm not 100%. Sure.

Alex Jones  53:19
Well, let me just get this. Let me just get this out front. I believe in free speech. Oh, good.

Dan  53:23
Okay, so Nick is being entirely disingenuous as it relates to the Talmud and its relationship with Judaism. Plus, this is a complete non sequitur since there aren't talking about the religion of Judaism. They're talking about Jewish people what's going on here? The Talmud is a gigantic document, which is a running discussion among rabbis, between the third and eighth centuries, you can find a whole lot of commentary on the Torah and laws in there a lot of it very affected by the times, when particular texts were written. Yeah, it's important to understand that a lot of what's in the text is a document of a time and that even within the Talmud, there's an evolution of thought, since the point of its writing and since the point of all these things were written Jewish thought has gone through further developments in the same way any religion does. For instance, there's a whole lot of shit in the Bible, that would get you the death penalty. You know, very few Christians would even consider that kind of thing, a problem deserving of stoning. So weird. Yeah. All this stuff is also Nick using historically anti semitic misinterpretations of the text in order to make accusations. For instance, the pedophilia accusation often traces back to this passage in the Talmud. Quote, if an adult has sex with a girl under the age of three, it is ignored for it is like putting a finger in someone's eye. I II tears may drip from the eye, but there will always be more tears to replace them. So to the hymen of a girl so young may break but will heal. This is a horrific sounding passage, because, you know, taken out of context, it appears that when it says it is ignored, that means it's open Hey for an adult to have sex with a child, but that's a fraudulent reading of the passage. It's part of a section involving the particular details about a reverse dowry, the amount of man is required to pay a woman in divorce. At the time, virginity made a person's reverse dowry, be higher, so understood as it's actually written. The passage isn't about excusing pedophilia, it's making a hyper specific point about boundaries. This has been used to accuse Jews of being pro child molestation by virulent anti Semites for a long time. And Nick is continuing that tradition on Alex's show, and he isn't he isn't even met with a tiny bit of pushback. Alex isn't equipped to have this conversation at all. And he's now in the position of allowing these to to hijack his show, or be forced to kick them off, and he's not going to do that. So long day for Alex is what I'm saying.

Jordan  55:49
Oh, man, long day. I love it when people bring up holy books. Yeah, it's great. It is so great. One because it reminds me that all of your gods are stupid. And actually, they're just dudes who are trying to control ladies. That's pretty much it. So argue all you want.

Dan  56:12
There's there's a lot of that strain, and religions through history. I just don't give a shit. So what do you you may not give a shit about that. But let me ask you this. Do you give a shit about Prop comedy?

Jordan  56:23
Um, depends. Oh, you know? You know, the amazing Jonathan, you could consider him a prop comic in many ways. And I think he's probably one of the greatest.

Dan  56:35
Here's the prop comedy.

Kanye West  56:37
Alex, yes, sir. I've got the perfect answer for the ADL. They are gonna have to listen up. What we did is we brought Netanyahu with us

Alex Jones  56:54
I'm in the twilight zone right now.

Kanye West  56:57
Netanyahu? What do you have to say? See, I would say to Alex Jones right now Nick Fuentes. And yeah. It was bad. It was bad for him I had no idea your voice is gonna sound like that. And then Yahoo. Nice work. So you don't like heard about this guy two weeks ago since like the tweet. I thought he had a funny name. Just thought

Dan  57:28
he had a funny name.

Jordan  57:30
I didn't expect your voice to sound like that. Me.

Dan  57:33
Yeah. You asked me did a puppet. It is not he doesn't he has a net like from a fishing fish tank. So that's net? Has a bottle of you who Oh, all right. So it's a pun in that? Yoo hoo. Yeah. It's good. It's good.

Jordan  57:50
I mean, they're worse. I've seen I've seen Carrot Top come up with worse.

Dan  57:55
I mean, maybe and show out. I haven't studied carrot tops work. So I'm not sure.

Jordan  58:00
This is clunky, not good

Dan  58:04
thing because it's you who there's an issue. Right? Also because you need two things to make the product. They're not connected. Also. You know, when people talk about yay, oh, oftentimes they excuse a lot of shit because he's such a creative genius. Sure. Was that Netanyahu pie? I

Jordan  58:26
mean, let's say let's say Kanye has never been funny in his entire career. Yes. Just remind me. Let's just remind people to punch lines and reps. He's really bad at rapping. I don't know if anybody's noticed that before. He's not a great lyricist.

Dan  58:41
I've heard he's the greatest rapper who's ever lived.

Jordan  58:45
He's one of the greatest producers that ever lived. But I wouldn't go so far as to say he was a great rapper.

Dan  58:50
I know one guy who disagrees with us names. Yeah.

Jordan  58:53
I missed the old guard. Yeah, I think he receives the old Kanye as well.

Dan  58:57
So Alex tries to, you know, make a little bit of a, he keeps trying to equivocate on stuff about like, hey, you know, like, you don't really mean this course. Yeah,

Jordan  59:11
come on. It doesn't work.

Alex Jones  59:13
You guys realize that the British government created Hitler and the Milner group put him in power. And there's something much more sophisticated and I personally think that most Jews are great people. And I understand there's a Jewish mafia, and there used to demonize anybody that promotes freedom, but I don't blame Jews in general for that, and there is a much larger eugenics transhumanist scientific elite agenda that's playing off.

Kanye West  59:38
Abortion, it's 50% of black deaths is overfished or,

Alex Jones  59:42
Hey, one of the papers I had you're like, why is old and you're the director of the Margaret's Sanger Rockefeller founded Planned Parenthood came out today and said, Because of your white guilt, white people need to give money so we can kill black babies. I swear Got into my stack

Dan  1:00:01
oh this this isn't a stack but it never is never read never a can't find it it's never produced because we think well because yay is the producer and director today. He's in charge sure he told Alex to get all the stacks of paper off the best because it looked too cluttered.

Jordan  1:00:19
Oh my god. Oh my god.

Dan  1:00:21
I would have had it right here but to what a

Jordan  1:00:24
delight. Yeah I am I am finding this to be one of the great train wrecks. Oh I've ever seen on it's not even begun. Awesome. No. So

Dan  1:00:36
it gets so much worse.

Jordan  1:00:38
I mean, I think I think the problem that I'm having here is it is going too much worse. To the point now where it's crossed into something ridiculous.

Dan  1:00:49
He's pulled out a fishnet exactly and done a little Elmo voice. I mean, and he told Alex to get rid of all of his papers. He's clearly in charge I Alex is completely subservient. Yeah. Oh, yeah. In a way that I have never seen before.

Jordan  1:01:06
Well, Alex is a star fucker. And yeah, he's probably the biggest star he's ever met.

Dan  1:01:11
I mean, I don't think Rogan gets this kind of treatment. No, he doesn't because Rogan's not Yea well, fair enough.

Jordan  1:01:17
Rogan can be Rogen all he fucking wants but he's not yea v n. Vn sorry,

Dan  1:01:23
but still

Jordan  1:01:24
your your appearances on fucking Fear Factor are not going to compare to the college dropout.

Dan  1:01:30
It's not going to happen. It's good.

Jordan  1:01:32
What What's this radio, News Radio pretty great. Pretty great. It's better than gold diggers at least.

Dan  1:01:38
Okay. So Alex really wants to try to push back somehow, while also being the bit that he's mad at himself.

Alex Jones  1:01:51
I believe in First Amendment believe in free speech I believe door should say whatever you want. Israel has other than other than like Singapore and a few places the most draconian mRNA injections in the world they have the highest death rate from the shots. They are literally forcibly injecting them like Josef Mengele and Jews are dying in mass and Israel show if the Jews are the secret group that runs at all and I'm not denying that you know Jews run Hollywood what I'm saying is Zionist but okay well why would the Zionist be killing Jews in mass in Israel with the boys

Kanye West  1:02:22
and shot because they work for Satan they don't work for God

Alex Jones  1:02:25
Exactly. So they they create atmospheres that get Jews persecuted Sure, control the Jews right kill them makes perfect sense you just did it just like George Soros help round up Jews for Hitler. That's the next level. We just got there. You just

Dan  1:02:39
got there just got there. So Jewish people are not dying in mass because of COVID vaccines. This is just a false premise. Alex is deploying but it's important to recognize a few things that Alex himself says in that clip. These are not things that EA is saying they are Alex first Alex's the Jews run Hollywood obviously so that's his position now like there's not yea I'm not arguing that Jews control Hi, Alex Jones obviously second track the thought he runs out there at the end of the clip. He brings up the fake information about Jews dying from the vaccine in Israel to be a counterpoint to yeas assertion that Jews run everything. How could they run everything if their own people are dying in mass from the vaccine in Israel? It makes no sense. Yeah, a response. It's the Zionists they work for Satan. And Alex says exactly. This makes absolutely no sense if you're trying to follow coherent thoughts. Zionism is based around the argument that the Jewish people needed their own homeland originally in terms of the establishment of Israel and eventually towards a movement to develop and build up Israel. Apparently, according to gay the Zionists work for Satan and they're killing Jewish people in Israel, which runs counter to, you know, the essential idea and facilitating point of Zionism cheer. Alex says exactly because he thinks he can work with that since it fits into his anti semitic narratives about how the Jewish people have to create their own oppression so they can assert their political agenda. Think about how he said that the ADL calls everyone who loves freedom Nazis so they can marginalize their political enemies. Alex thinks that this is somehow elevated from yeas anti semitic rhetoric, but in reality, he's as deep in the mud as everyone else on the show. He's just insisting his clothes are clean. It's really disgraceful. And yeah, bad. I mean, hey,

Jordan  1:04:27
yeah, I find I find that people are allowed to LARP as though and I'm supposed to respect their belief system. Insane. I find it insane. They are arguing about which of the Elven Lords actually serve Sal Ron, and that's the That's it. That's what they're doing. They're LARPing their balls off. And I'm supposed to pretend that Christianity is real. I'm out.

Dan  1:04:54
counterpoint to that what you would get deeply involved in argument about which of the Elven Lords is

Jordan  1:05:00
I don't even remember anymore. You know what? There were three Elven Lords but then the nine humans are supposed to die I don't even remember.

Dan  1:05:09
So Alex tries to deflect Shana obviously a lot of times whenever anything comes up like accusations of anti semitism are Nazi ish tendencies, he deflects by being like all Soros rounded up Jews. Yeah. So he tries that but listen carefully here to this clip. Yeah, he doesn't care

Kanye West  1:05:30
in America. Stay there. Stay

Alex Jones  1:05:31
there. Next point as a studio. uncensored, folks, we're gonna come back after this break. And we're gonna come back into the break and play a George Soros compilation of him on NPR. him on NPR? I'm on 60 minutes. I like that. Yay. Never killed any Jewish show. I want to know, how do I get the ADL to love me? Do I round up Jews in Nazi Germany? Do I get love then? Schwarzenegger said he loved Hitler. They gave him an award. I'm just saying I don't like Nazis. And I don't like what some of the mafias are doing either.

Dan  1:06:03
So you might have heard there I

Jordan  1:06:05
like, like Hitler. Good did.

Dan  1:06:08
So there is a really essential thing to understand here. And that is that Alex is constantly trying to not push back on the things that EA is saying. He's trying to reframe them in a way that they can both make money off. I'm laundering Yes, yeah, he is not interested in that don't constantly punctures the balloon. Whenever Alex tries to say something like Soros rounded up Jews, you know, Yeah, isn't that he said, I like Hitler. Yeah. Because he's essentially trying to be like, I don't want your sensitization. Fuck you. I'm saying what I'm saying? Yeah,

Jordan  1:06:43
I trying to clean this up, I genuinely think that the risk of people following you into right wing supremacy is is getting lower by the second, in the same way that like the that so many Star Trek episodes are like, Oh, here's what we got to do. All of our weapons have no effect on the bad guy. What we need to do is take the bad guys energy and redirect it towards him and then they'll explode. Exactly. This is too much.

Dan  1:07:14
Well, here's, here's the thing. I think that if you were to check in on responses to this in places like Nick streaming platform, I think that what you need to frame this or you need to look at this as it's less necessarily about directly Kanye leading people to this or yea leading people to this. And seeing it as an emboldening and enabling point for people who are already of this ilk to push things further. Sure. Ali Alexander is gonna come on later. And the way he describes it is like breaking the Overton window. Right. And that is, in and of itself, probably more dangerous than necessarily Kanye, convincing people. Hey, Hitler's pretty cool. Right? Right, that isn't necessarily the specific concern that you would have from this interview. Right? It is more of these other secondary and tertiary effects that it has on an already existing problem.

Jordan  1:08:21
Right, right. And I understand I understand where you're going with that. And it does seem to make sense, strategically. However, there's a reason that the Overton window has not broken. There's a reason we call it moving the Overton window, you can't break the Overton window. They've tried, they would love to break the Overton window. That's why we are where we are with Republicans over the past 40 years, slowly moving

Dan  1:08:48
ship because they can't, well, here's, here's what I would suggest. Maybe it's possible to break the Overton window, and then it can be fixed. We'll see. Also, maybe it wasn't in the best interest of some of these Republican folks to break an Overton Window, maybe shifting it is actually more what they would want to do. And so maybe it's not proof that it can't be broken.

Jordan  1:09:13
It could it's, it's entirely possible. I am telling you, I think they're making a huge mistake, or at least actually, I think we're gonna get off grade on this one because they fucked up. That's my view.

Dan  1:09:25
I'm not I'm not quite as sunny about it as as you all right. So Alex, one of his great retreats, in times of trouble is Hey, buddy, we're just doing a First Amendment thing. That's free speech. And so he tries to do that. And again, yay, doesn't give a shit.

Alex Jones  1:09:43
My mission here today is to offer the First Amendment because as long as you're not carrying out violence in someone, we're asking people to be violent like the left as people burn down cities and attack Republicans and celebrate a Rand Paul and Scalise being shot and attacked there You have your free speech. And when the left came out the last 10 years, it really accelerated the last five, six. It said White people are inherently evil because of the color of their skin. And that somebody that who moved here as a kid from Poland, they're supposed to pay reparations for what people did hundreds of years ago in this country. It's a divide and conquer strategy. We're getting into the reparations debate. I'm saying the groups pushing reparations are trying to cause division. So I've said it the most Nazi like activities I've seen. And the Nazis in my view, warthogs that shut people down in a lot of really bad things,

Kanye West  1:10:37
but they did good thing. We're gonna stop this and the Nazis all the time.

Alex Jones  1:10:41
Okay, we're gonna get to that. Yeah, I don't want to get digressed into this, but,

Dan  1:10:45
uh, yeah, I wouldn't either. Alex is trying so fucking hard to sanitize. Yeah, here. He's doing literally everything he can and he just doesn't want it. Alex doesn't seem to understand that every time he tries to equivocate or offer up ways to launder the anti semitic points gays making EA is going to derail it because he means what he's saying. He's not playing games like Alex and all these other fucking idiot friends are Yep, also hurray for the First Amendment. The government didn't arrest you for saying any of this shit. And the worst that's gonna happen from it is that people are gonna say mean right and deserve bad things about him. And maybe if he has any sponsors left they could bail on him. None of that's a violation of free speech at all. And if anything, you said a little bit too much of free speech and lately

Jordan  1:11:29
you could one could argue one could argue that Yeah. Not wise, not wise choices that are currently made legal free to do we gotta stop bad mouthing the Nazis? Yeah, now they get a bad rap. They really do. I think it's time for us to take a long hard look at the Nazis and really focus on the positives. Sure. You know, like,

Dan  1:11:56
you got to look at it from a rake. Approach. Nicely

Jordan  1:12:00
done. Well done.

Dan  1:12:01
I'm not that tired.

Jordan  1:12:02
Well done. All right. Show over.

Dan  1:12:06
If only so Alex tries to get real personal here, of course. Because he really wants to bring home to yay that these are, you know, the Nazis are bad folks, man. Yeah. Wasn't good stuff. Yeah, yeah, he

Alex Jones  1:12:21
doesn't care. Yeah, I don't want to get digressed into this. But remember, I tell the story about my grandfather, growing up in the richest neighborhood in Dallas. And down the street was a famous German American inventor. And he was a first generation person he coming when his little kid on ship, and he was yell a bunch of patents on air on on on refrigeration and air conditioning. And my grandfather worked. The town was about eight years old, because he took him under his wing in his little tinkering factory that that he had factories in places like Detroit that actually built stuff. And my grandfather, the main reason he joined the Army Air Corps, he told me, and he told me a lot about this. He's told me the story was because he watched that man very quietly, once Hitler got power in the 30s. Suck every dime out of him or he would kill his relatives in Germany. And that guy was blond haired and blue eyed. It was his German as, as you could get as Arnold Schwarzenegger, or as Teutonic as as Germanic. And the point was, my grandfather's saw that so I understand you're opposed to other forces. But I don't think then thinking other forces in history that are lionized. That's my personal experience of what my grandfather Clyde William Hammond told me, does that make sense?

Kanye West  1:13:41
Not totally to me. But it's, and I'm not saying that to be disruptive. I'm saying like, it literally doesn't totally make sense to me. I'm following it. But I was just thinking about Satan. That whether it's the Zionists that were Hitler, it's not the person. It's Satan, using the people that I agree with that are controlled by monic forces. But what I'm gonna say is the Jewish media has made us feel like the Nazis and Hitler have never offered anything of value to the world.

Dan  1:14:10
Oh, so the Jewish media has told us not to do anything good. Yeah. Oh, my God, this is some high school edge, Lord shit. Yeah, he's coming up with

Jordan  1:14:19
that. But isn't that the devil telling telling us not to believe that Hitler is good, but also isn't the devil it'd

Dan  1:14:28
be the devil possessing the Jewish media right? In order to say that the devil possessing exactly Hitler didn't do anything good, right seems against the devils purposes.

Jordan  1:14:39
Now. I feel like maybe one problem that we're not used that we're not getting at right now is one that Kanye may have just elucidated very, very clearly, which is that he does not understand a fucking word. Anyone is saying to him now, zero words

Dan  1:14:54
and he just wants to say he just wants to say shit.

Jordan  1:14:56
He can't follow an argument. What are you going to convince him of? Why would you An argue with Kanye, he doesn't understand you,

Dan  1:15:03
right? This shouldn't be taken seriously. Alex should hang his head in shame that he's even. Totally It's

Jordan  1:15:09
Alex said something very simple. And Kanye said I literally don't understand you. I was thinking about Satan, at which point you go fight goodbye. But

Dan  1:15:17
on some level, I really think that that was a I don't care what you're saying more than I don't understand.

Jordan  1:15:23
I think it was a literal I don't understand I cannot follow what you are saying

Dan  1:15:27
that may be that may be. So we had the introduction of Ali Alexander as part of the crew. And it turns out there's another guy who's in the mix. Just

Kanye West  1:15:37
got some jokes here from Owen Benjamin that I want to read about Ben Shapiro. Hey, Candace Owens unplugged this robot before he runs his mouth. Ben Shapiro's cardio is picking up shackles, Shapiro tail, how much change is in your pocket, just from hearing a jingle? Now that's an old hero is just mad that Kyrie won't sign his basketball. Back to you, Alex.

Alex Jones  1:16:03
You're sitting there you want to say something?

Nick Fuentes  1:16:06
Yeah, well, I agree with the AI.

Dan  1:16:11
So for those of you who haven't paid close attention to this, oh, and Benjamin was a shitty pretty racist comedian who made you know, he became a site member of the intellectual dark web. He was like in the killer B's to the IDW is Wu Tang. He was like streetlife, a priest. Nobody was too into him. But he he also frequently hosted the fourth hour of Alex's show and was essentially also one of the killer bees of the Infowars crew. At some point, he started to get really into Hitler. So Infowars and the IDW both decided it was no good for business. So he went off to the woods where he did drunk live streams where you're talking about how great the Nazis were and call himself a big bear. Things didn't get better from there. And just the other day Milo posted a picture of Owen wearing a Yay 24 jacket with the caption. Are you getting it yet? If anyone needs it better spelled out the embarrassing loser Nazis who we all decided we didn't want around are banding together and yay is acting as the battering ram that's bringing them back into the public eye. It's dangerous. It's unacceptable. And no matter how many times you may hear someone tried to play this off as a joke. It's not also Oh, and Benjamin is painfully not funny. As a matter of research, I decided to watch some of his more recent standup and the jokes that he is reading there about on par for his talent. Great. Maybe the funniest thing that Owen ever did, is after he had a falling out with Alex, he took to his live stream to drunkenly shit on Alex from the woods.

Owen Benjamin  1:17:35
I do have an apology to do today. I was wrong about Alex Jones. I have a bunch of people told me that he was a shill. And I backed them and I was like, no, he's a good guy. Now total shill. So I apologize. I should have listened to you guys. He's He's, he's terrible. Like legitimately, laughable. Like he won't even out beyond now because of the GTalk Alex Jones, such as shill. I even text him today. I said, when no one when no one stood up for you. And everyone treated you like garbage. I went on your show to circle the wagons. When you were flipping out about Rogen, I had your back. I said you should sell your bridge burning business. You'll make more money than your fake boner pills. good bet. He was like, well, we should talk. No, no, no, no, no, you are a disgusting little weasel. So for all the people out there that told me you know I believe in people until I don't that's just something you have to understand about me. criminalize you know, it's because of Jew talk. He's funded by by Jews. Like that's That's the fact.

Dan  1:18:55
He goes on a while complaining about Alex in the woods. Sure.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:59
And I'm not even starting a feud with the guy. He's so short and fat and dumb and drunk. That like I don't can argue. It's just he's, he would call me and rant about Joe Rogan sings a satanist and he works for the CIA. And I would just sit there one time I was having a meal with my family. And I said, Listen, I told my wife I was like, I just have to just give me a minute is my friend he seems like unhinged. And so I listened to Alex rant on and on and on about Joe Rogan being a Satanist because I thought he needed it. And then he turned on me just because I make fun of Jews. So and I was I mean, you understand when people would attack Alex, I was very decisively standing up for Alex and I apologize. You guys were right. All the 1000s of people that said Alex Jones this shill. He's a sad little man. He's a liar. I said no, he's not just because we disagree. Not thanks doesn't mean anything. No, he's a bad dude. Bad dude. So my bad

Dan  1:20:07
Alex hearing oh and Benjamin's name be brought up should make him a bit worried about yeah and Nick's real intentions are very least make it clear to him that they aren't going to listen to his softball attempts to whitewash their bigotry. Reading off Benjamin's jokes is in some way a coded act that Alex should take to be meaningful? Yeah. Because he has history with Owen, and it's not good.

Jordan  1:20:30
I mean, Jesus Christ. These are just bad people. Yeah, like on a on a level of you know, you, you don't try and call people evil because that dehumanizes them. But if you were going to, there would be some candidates.

Dan  1:20:48
It's it's an interesting collection of volatile bad folk. And I mean, if there is I don't, I don't agree with your sort of sunny disposition towards what this portends a little bit, but if I were to take anything as like a, this might not be the worst thing ever. It's that these people, particularly the ones that are rallying around, are not people who will put up with each other.

Jordan  1:21:19
Yeah, no, these are the second string as Asel and

Dan  1:21:23
they will come to head they will butt heads with each other. You can't have this kind of a crew of people who have they have well documented histories of burning folks and it's not going to work. Yeah,

Jordan  1:21:38
I mean, a day does long term. It does feel like the abdication of any and all responsibility from folk to deal with this. A is also evidence that maybe the only people who can kill Nazis are Nazis themselves. You know,

Dan  1:21:57
that's poetic. Yeah. But I mean, I think, you know, you think that things are sort of handled or managed, you know, oh, and Benjamin's marginalized and he's off ranting around the campfire drunk in the woods? Sure. Apparently not. Apparently he's gonna He's you know, someone like yeh does what he's doing and Owen Benjamin is going to come back around. Milo is roundly canceled and everybody's sick of his bullshit sure to the to the point race to rebrand as no longer gay right? All right, do you think you're never going to have to hear about him and then now yay, brings him along that so? He has a Resurrector repower for forgotten Nazis Sure.

Jordan  1:22:39
I'm going to tell you this though. I don't think those jokes are gonna volt. Oh and Benjamin into the next level though. I'm gonna throw that out there. I don't think those are bringing the heat.

Dan  1:22:49
Well is original jokes didn't either. Yeah, it's that's a tradition for So anyway, the Nazis are bad. Sure, but hey, man, the US is bad too. Sure. Great.

Nick Fuentes  1:23:01
People talk about Nazis and Hitler. But the United States had camps as well. The United States put the Japanese in internment states injected black people with syphilis. Yeah. And, and you know,

Alex Jones  1:23:10
I totally agree with you. Yeah,

Kanye West  1:23:11
the United States has Instagram sellin pornography to little kids and they're selling people are selling they think

Jordan  1:23:18
you might be preoccupied with your

Alex Jones  1:23:21
lead without Shinkai. You're just

Kanye West  1:23:24
Instagram is a prostitution ring. I went 30 days off Instagram. And here's the best part of the fast. Me getting kicked off. Instagram was the best thing that ever happened to me. Because when I go to it, it's like watching it with the they live goggles, which is something that Owen, Owen Benjamin, you guys got to pull this up. Dave Chappelle is a hack. And he gets a lot of jokes from Owen Benjamin.

Jordan  1:23:59
I mean, I knew Oh, and use the N word a lot. Yeah, I didn't know that. I didn't know that. That's true. Yeah,

Dan  1:24:04
he's got that Chappelle stole that

Jordan  1:24:07
he stole the N word from Owen.

Dan  1:24:10
Back in like, what was it 90 300 and Benjamin brought together like to live quality. Sure he had Owen Benjamin's block party at a camp fire.

Jordan  1:24:24
Oh man can you get oh god stop and think about stole van stop and think about the tragedy of chapels block party the downward trajectory of all of those people if they if oh my god they should do like an animal house where are they now thing after at the Dead Prez is the only people still good aren't they? I know I don't even know anymore. They seemed like they wouldn't be great to forever but who knows?

Dan  1:24:54
Well, I know that one of them was named stickman. Oh relation to be Oh

Jordan  1:24:59
no. Oh, no. Oh no. Yeah. Hey, want to know he's probably still good.

Dan  1:25:05
I'm not sure. Yeah. But yeah, I was just trying to think of more fun ways to pretend that you know, he's great things.

Jordan  1:25:17
You know, a lot of 18 year old comedy phenom prodigies stole everything from Owen Benjamin. That's what happened. Yeah, right. Yep. And

Dan  1:25:27
he wrote all the sketches on Chappelle Show. Really? Actually.

Jordan  1:25:31
Yeah, that's that. You know that pimp one is really offensive now, knowing that Oh, and Benjamin rode it. That's kind of That's fucked up.

Dan  1:25:38
But here's the thing about Chappelle, man. Sure. Not only a hack, he also doesn't believe in Jesus. Oh,

Kanye West  1:25:43
Dave Chappelle went on a Jewish platform and said, Chappelle said they dropped that nigga talking about yay. And he called me Kanye, and I'm supposed to be his friend, Dave Chappelle does not believe in God and does not believe in Jesus. These are the kinds of black leaders that the Zionists put in front of us. Meanwhile, we want to knock Herschel Walker but Herschel Walker changed his life for Christ. And he might have been he had abortions, but he doesn't believe in abortion. If you're what

Alex Jones  1:26:15
matters is you I have to

Jordan  1:26:17
doesn't have a kid. He needs a boarded right now.

Alex Jones  1:26:20
Yeah, go ahead.

Nick Fuentes  1:26:23
Yeah, I agree with Yeah, I think that, that America has a fearless visionary leader who serves Christ who wants to bring the future fourth and engineering and theology. I think that when you look at the options that were offered, and I said this on my show the other week, and the news said, Oh, he supports DeSantis. I said the moderate Trumps and says,

Unknown Speaker  1:26:45
Nobody that knows. All the left are all

Alex Jones  1:26:49
right. Let me raise that. Let me raise that since you guys got into this. All this

Dan  1:26:52
is rambling nonsense, but I want to point out how much of a worm Nick is right? He is a smart fucking worm. Worm. He essentially doesn't speak unless prompted and as soon as gay interrupts him, he drops whatever thought he's making and shuts up. You may notice that he starts just about every sentence with I agree with. I agree with Yeah, he's doing such a great job of ingratiate himself here. You should be really worried about that. Because that is not Nick. Like That dude is a leader. Not a Yes, man. So if he's acting like a Yes, ma'am. There's another plan. He's working on that you might just be a tool in Yeah, I would be aware of that.

Jordan  1:27:30
Dan, are you You are all I'm mad at the world is dumb. That's if Yeah, if you are letting Nick Fuentes manipulate you, you're dumb. The end?

Dan  1:27:42
Well, if that's the case, there's probably quite a few dumb people. Exactly. So Nick, gets to explaining how Trump and DeSantis are both beholden.

Nick Fuentes  1:27:52
So the moderate Trump versus DeSantis will not produce any outcome where America or Jesus is put first, Israel's or rather, DeSantis is mobbed up with Israel and Mossad Donald Trump his speech his announcement was written by Jason Miller who's controlled by foreign interests. So there's a Republican primary between them too and they go up against Biden or they go up against Newsom there is exactly zero chance that we get any kind of regime that's going to deliver the real trick I

Kanye West  1:28:19
got a question if I say something that's provocative towards the Mossad is that misogynistic? Hold on, let's hear from

Unknown Speaker  1:28:29
Hey, I'm gonna kill you to take the children away from you. This is fucking great.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:35
Back to you, Alex.

Alex Jones  1:28:38
Please turn your phone microphone around sir. I'm definitely overwhelmed here right now. Info wars.com tomorrow's news today

Dan  1:28:46
killing it Alex killing it.

Jordan  1:28:50
Somebody's watching this going. These guys know what's up.

Dan  1:28:53
Yeah. Oh, and Benjamin's watching. He's like he stole my misogynistic jokes. Oh

Jordan  1:28:57
my god.

Dan  1:28:58
Oh my god everyone's ripping off Oh, holy shit this whole game so Yeah, Alex kind of realizes things are a little bit off track so he tries to bring things to the center but unfortunately the closer you get to the center the closer you get to the net

Alex Jones  1:29:14
Listen, all I'm trying to get through here is I believe every group

Kanye West  1:29:18
his name their net and I dropped the the Yahoo so we didn't have to. I was tired of picking up the Yahoo and the net and so for now it's just net and I know some people call them VB NET so you call them Yeah, young. I call him man. What you want man?

Unknown Speaker  1:29:37
Hey, right after this. I'm gonna say you crazy. I'm gonna take your family away from you.

Jordan  1:29:43
You cannot cause we have to we have to control the bank's people. Interesting character work

Alex Jones  1:29:56
and a little more. Hopefully you're gonna take the mask off because Is this actually yay here? Is this the bass is coming off a little all over? We're gonna be able to have a discussion about this because I mean seriously. You have the globalist pushing a poison shot that's already killed 20 million people that they admit doesn't work. And then you're the bad guy for criticizing a grip when I'm saying is when the left shed white people are inherently bad because they're white the last six, seven years they opened the gates up so what did they expect?

Dan  1:30:27
What do they expect? Yeah, it was going to be a complete anti Semite because the left said that white people are beret.

Jordan  1:30:33
All right. Well, we'll come on okay. This would break my heart. If it was genuine, right if it turned out to be a stunt All right. If he took the mask off and Doom was still alive, that would be the fucking ultimate do moment.

Dan  1:30:49
You mean mf doom? Not Victor Vaughn. No

Jordan  1:30:51
of course mf doom if it was to go by Victor Vaughn he has in the past Yes Yeah. I think he called it a coupon

Dan  1:31:04
No, I don't think that would help.

Jordan  1:31:06
I don't think so. Nah, boy. I mean pretty funny.

Dan  1:31:08
It would be interesting law explain

Jordan  1:31:10
to me how it is we're supposed to have Alex being like oh I think the problem is the left when this is in response to I'm gonna kill everybody. What are we doing what are we doing

Dan  1:31:23
is incredibly anti semitic puppet act with a fishnet

Jordan  1:31:28
I here's what I here's I know this I guarantee this every headline every single headline is going to be something like yay loves Hitler some bullshit like

Dan  1:31:38
yeah, that's that's what a lot of the responses they were all stupid.

Jordan  1:31:41
They're all wrong. Everybody should be ashamed of themselves. Because what the headline should be is yay brings net and you who? To make fun of Netanyahu. Right. That's it?

Dan  1:31:53
Yeah. Yay, does bad prop work bad pun work. Yay, totally clearly struggling with sexual problems. I know they're not up. That would be a bad headline. I know that probably inappropriate wouldn't

Jordan  1:32:05
work, although it would also kind of explain 40% of everything that he's saying.

Dan  1:32:09
I mean, he won't stop. I mean, but that the issue that it comes into there is that it does feel like there's something really, really personal and very his problem. That's being the sort of foisted and projected on somebody else. Yeah. But then it's also a classic and quite popular anti semitic trope that that's used true. So like that, that gets murky. If you just try and say like, oh, he has a problem with porn, or

Jordan  1:32:36
I mean, I'm just I'm just already I'm reading these articles in my head because I've read so many of them, but it's going to be like, on a free wheeling interview, or on a sometimes disjointed interview, Kanye said that he loves Hitler or something like that, instead of being like, this was a ridiculous fucking display of absolute nonsense with white supremacists just jerking Kanye off, while Alex Jones pretends that he's doesn't like anti semitism, right. Like it's insane. Well don't say, Yeah, well,

Dan  1:33:10
but but, you know, it is also a strategy of folks who have extreme opinions like this to make themselves laughed at. Well, and then because it softens and dulls the, you know, in the same way that even you were kind of succumbing to that and as much as like, you don't think that this is going to be like a pipeline.

Jordan  1:33:33
I don't think it is. I think that I think the more that you put the like, this is serious. This is a serious interview. Yay. says he loves Hitler. The more you're doing for loving Hitler than yay is because yay, is making it look like loving Hitler turns you into an insane crazy baby with dancing around with nets. And you that is what gay makes looking Hitler love look like. They're gonna make it look like yay is a fucking out now, Hitler lover, when in reality, he's absolutely lost his fucking mind,

Dan  1:34:07
unless you believe that this is sort of an act of trolling and trying to jam your shit into a place and make it like, viewable by a wide audience. Right. And

Jordan  1:34:22
that's what they're doing. Right. And that's what the media is helping them do.

Dan  1:34:26
Perhaps. So this is a you know, yeah, it's still a rapper, you know, and this is kind of a nice rap brag about anti semitism.

Alex Jones  1:34:36
It's wrong for the ADL to have what are very racial policies. ADL

Kanye West  1:34:41
has played out nobody knows who the ADL I've given them attention nobody cares about the ADL

Alex Jones  1:34:46
ADL shadow they run all the all the censorship and everything.

Kanye West  1:34:49
They don't run anything they're played on. We run the streets.

Alex Jones  1:34:54
Well, I'm singling out the ADL,

Kanye West  1:34:56
and that's that we don't know who they are. No one at high school knew what the word anti somatic was until yeh made it popular.

Alex Jones  1:35:03
No, I'm back. It's definitely a tiger by the tail. Yeah,

Jordan  1:35:07
AP American history. No one knew what the word anti semitic meant until they found out yeah, he was doing it in 2022

Dan  1:35:15
I put anti semitism on the map not true but also fucked up way to think about yourself. Hey

Jordan  1:35:23
said he invented anti semitism. That's your headline right there, buddy.

Dan  1:35:29
So Nick says some dumb shit. And then something kind of weird happens.

Nick Fuentes  1:35:34
The definition of anti semitism, according to the State Department is if you say Jews have any allegiance to Israel, it's anti semitic. If you say the Jews have any kind of conspiratorial influence in America, it's anti semitic. So we're supposed to believe that if Rahm picks up the phone and gets on a call with Zeke, and RA, and they talk about their jobs, which are running Hollywood and running the Obama White House, a conspiracy still we acknowledge that happens worse were called anti semitic, but it's the truth. It's a truth that they make those calls. And it doesn't mean that every Jewish person is in on it. There are good Jews like Darren Beattie and Laura Loomer. And you know, there are lots of fine people

Kanye West  1:36:10
are Luma call in also it's like there's Yeah, that are basically hiding me under their floorboards right now under their wooden floors. It's like a reverse version of the Holocaust. Because there's Jewish people that saw how I was treated, and they're like, This is wrong. This guy just gave an opinion. I didn't cause any harm. I didn't harm anyone. i All I said is, and I spelled it wrong, because I was drinking alcohol. And we see the Bible says you can drink but the king should not drink. Right. And I shouldn't have been drinking I shouldn't have said and that's why Elvis billion dollar tweet, basically. I know you know about getting sued. I hear

Alex Jones  1:36:51
so so so much expand. Yeah, that's also drinking.

Dan  1:36:55
It's not anti semitic to say that some Jewish people have a support for and even a sense of allegiance to Israel. It is anti semitic. The way people like Nick insists that all people who are Jewish should be suspected of having dual allegiance and that their loyalties aren't with the country they live in, and of which they are a citizen. This is a classic trope that's been used to alienate and ostracize Jews historically. And Nick understands that this game here is weak, Nick is

Jordan  1:37:18
the one who brought up the Japanese internment camps. He I mean, that it's

Dan  1:37:23
Yeah, his example of a conspiracy within the Emanuel family is equally stupid, which is what he was bringing up there. Ari is a powerful figure in the entertainment industry. But that's not the same thing as running Hollywood. Nick is saying that because he's a Jewish person in this position of influence, whereas he wouldn't say the same of a non Jewish person with a similar level of cloud saying they run Hollywood. Yeah. Zeke Emanuel wasn't just part of the Obama team. He was the chief of the bioethics department of the NIH from 1998 to 2010. And Ron was Obama's Chief of Staff for about a year and a half just after he was elected. The three of them are successful people and are related. But Nick has no proof that they called each other and coordinated about how they would control politics on Hollywood. That's ridiculous. And it's patently anti semitic as a suggestion. And it makes sense that that's where it Nick's mind goes and how it works.

Jordan  1:38:13
Yeah, I mean, by his own reasoning, if there were three white brothers doing that, then it would be a white people conspiracy, it would have to be and that means that all white people are evil, or it means it is 100%. Okay for white people to do a conspiracy and 100% evil for Jewish people suspicious

Dan  1:38:31
when Jewish people do it. CMYK that's exactly what it's really cool how Alex and EA can bond over how they did reprehensible things that cost them north of a billion dollars because they were both drunk. Cool guys to look up to all in all, I would say

Jordan  1:38:45
there who is cool cool drunk,

Dan  1:38:47
guys. You

Jordan  1:38:48
know, I find it I find it hard to think of I better stop drinking message. Yeah, Kanye and Alex Jones collectively lost several billion dollars all due to drinking.

Dan  1:39:01
And you know what's super cool about it? You know, I'm saying this is cool, because it's so cool. Yeah, the way that both of them responded to it by not learning a lesson and continuing to do the same thing. Yeah, yeah, that's really cool. Yeah.

Jordan  1:39:13
You know, I think the DARE program when I was growing up really lost. It's a good example. You know, they just never had a chance. They were dead in infancy. They were ahead of their time.

Dan  1:39:25
If only if only So, yeah. Laura Loomer ends up calling in and

Jordan  1:39:30
she has this is just chaos. She ends

Dan  1:39:33
up talking on a speakerphone because he doesn't want to put in earbuds? Of course not.

Jordan  1:39:37
They're evil they'll get that's how the people control your ears. And

Dan  1:39:41
because he has a full balaclava on Wow, that makes

Alex Jones  1:39:44
it off. I don't hate anybody because of their religion or their background. And there's great people remember organization and I think

Kanye West  1:39:51
George Soros can come to Christ it is a possibility that he can convert and come to Christ.

Alex Jones  1:39:56
Once you meet with George Soros and we wanted to meet with you after I wouldn't

Kanye West  1:39:59
be what Anyone that's okay, Laura, we're live. What's up? This is Laura Loomer.

Laura Loomer  1:40:05
I am watching live I saw you just said that you wanted me to call in. So I'm calling in.

Alex Jones  1:40:11
Well, how did how does she have your number? I'm

Jordan  1:40:12
not busy. Well, she

Kanye West  1:40:14
called me because she had some concerns about my low running my campaign

Alex Jones  1:40:18
now. That's great. So here's the deal. Can we we've got more lumbers number than we call her on Skype or zoom. Can we actually put her on the show? Laura, you're on the speakerphone. Can you come on via Skype or via phone right

Unknown Speaker  1:40:31
now? Yeah, I can't I can't do a video right now. But I could do I could do audio. I texted your producer.

Dan  1:40:37
It was a good show. You know, it's really, it's really just smooth and produce. You know,

Jordan  1:40:44
if you are on the fence about either Hitler or Infowars this show will really push you towards the pro in both directions. I think, you know,

Dan  1:40:53
I do like that moment that Alex has. He's like, how does she have your number?

Jordan  1:40:57
I know. Even Alex is like, what the fuck is going on?

Dan  1:41:01
For Loomer have yeas Loomer involved? It's interesting, too, that the reason is because she had contacted him about a concern about Milo Yeah, because she doesn't trust them.

Jordan  1:41:12
None of them trust any of them. Because they're all Grifters. They all

Dan  1:41:15
know that they're just

Jordan  1:41:18
listen, that guy will stab you in the back, which is completely different from the way I will stab stab you in the ribs. Exactly. I'll make sure you bleed out faster. Okay, I'm a nice guy. Yeah,

Dan  1:41:29
they're all like wrestling tag teams. You know, they're all like, alright, we understand that they're, they're eventually going to have to fight each other. This is transient.

Jordan  1:41:37
This is this is setting up an end to our friendship, not the lasting one.

Dan  1:41:43
So she's gonna call back and eventually, of course, they don't get her on Skype or anything. It's again on speakerphone, right? Yeah, he has some other things he wants to talk about, particularly a prayer that he's mad about fun.

Kanye West  1:41:56
Let's, let's remove this whole conversation of morality. And let's go. Let's stick to the Bible and say, either Jesus said so. Or Jesus said, No, hon, I'm gonna wait till you drop this. Or Jesus said go. Alright. So and I made me tap five free without them this year. Either Jesus said so? Or Jesus said no, because we want to bring in our creative direction in our opinion, and our moral compass. Forget the words moral compass, is it in the Bible? What did the red letters say? They didn't have come say about it. And then we make our decisions off of that. So I said this. And then I also was I had an idea. Let's stop hoping. Let's pray. Let's talk directly to God. Let's stop holding yourself. I grew that he has hope in here. And I took it out. And I put it back in. And then he and as I said, this prayer, and my family members, they didn't say anything. And then he said here, and all the whole family was like, oh, that's the best prayer ever heard. And he's like, I know, I know. My prayers can be intimidating. I know. I know. That was the best prayer. And I was thinking like, Bro, why you set me up? I used to just say my prayer, right before your prayer. But this is his prayer. I was like, oh, send me that prayer, bro. That prayer was pretty good.

Dan  1:43:16
Yes, it was pretty good prayer.

Jordan  1:43:17
Yay. Can't even state your yay. You can't stand being upstaged and a fucking quiet prayer event. It was a good prayer. I put the point of the print. How is he mad at a prayer. If the point of the prayer is not performative. He is literally dis ease ease. If it makes no sense about any bullshit about his religion.

Dan  1:43:37
Nope. Well, he's, uh, he's young, and his Christianity, as he said, oh, Jesus walks came out 15 years ago, came back. It came out a

Jordan  1:43:45
long time ago. He's really talked a lot about Jesus. Most of the samples that he's used his entire career have been gospel oriented yet yeah,

Dan  1:43:56
I had that impression of him as not a huge fan of his music just knowing it sort of on a surface level. That was my impression, right? You know, the, you know, Jesus walks, how I need Jesus. So were the

Jordan  1:44:09
crown of thorns himself, though, so maybe he thought he was Jesus at that time.

Dan  1:44:13
Well, no, he's eases. Anyway, he goes on to have a very long prayer. And I'm not going to make us listen to all of it, but I do like Alex's response afterwards.

Kanye West  1:44:29
Thank you for blessing us from the top of our head to the bottom of our feet and everywhere in between, with the first what we need everything that we deserve, and then the best that you have for our lives Yahweh God and Jesus name, amen.

Alex Jones  1:44:44
And perfect time to go to break our number two uncensored with yea, Nick Fuentes as I'm your guest host here in Insane Asylum world. As the whole world is crazy. All of us are nuts. This is this is Twilight Zone 2.0.

Unknown Speaker  1:44:58
We will be right back Anyone you say that?

Alex Jones  1:45:00
No, I'm talking about all of us. The whole world is crazy. And it's crazy. Everybody's crazy. I believe that. I've seen the guest host here because these guys are hosted. We'll be right back with our number two.

Dan  1:45:11
Alex has been defeated.

Jordan  1:45:13
I quit on the loser here. I clearly have no control over what's going to happen.

Dan  1:45:19
I'm Alex Jones. I'm your guest.

Jordan  1:45:21
I am lost. Totally lost.

Dan  1:45:25
I've tried a few things. I have not been successful in sanitizing this gentleman here. And fuck it. It's crazy world. Oh, no. Yeah, I did not mean you're crazy. Everyone's crazy.

Jordan  1:45:38
But yeah, you are especially crazy. You crazy. Oh my God I've

Dan  1:45:43
ever seen Alex that like, sort of impotent. Yeah, that was really really a bummer.

Jordan  1:45:51
You know what it reminded me of a man who suddenly discovered there were no tools in his toolbox. None after only two or three tools. These

Dan  1:46:02
tools work so well. When I'm alone and talking to liars. I should have bought more tools. I mean, Connie is a liar too. But like talking to people who are motivated only by grit for right. Always works should

Jordan  1:46:15
I should have bought more tools. I am out of tools very quickly. So the

Dan  1:46:20
tool that he decides to go to is playing more special reports. Sure. Let's take up some of this time. Yeah. They play a special report about the Balenciaga sheriff. Because apparently there's a new pedophilia scandal. I guess. Balanced Yaga is like a like a brand fashion brand of some sort.

Jordan  1:46:42
I believe. Cool. You guys handle it?

Dan  1:46:45
I guess it's like Wayfair but with bags? Sure.

Jordan  1:46:48
I don't know. But yeah, fine. Anyway, whatever.

Dan  1:46:51
There's a Reese report. What a Reese's Pieces.

Jordan  1:46:54
Ooh, love me a good recent piece about

Dan  1:46:57
the Balenciaga shirt. This is wild. Why is this plane

Unknown Speaker  1:47:04
the same style bears were featured in one of their last runway shows which was held in a mud pit, as if the brand weren't disgusting enough. But who opened for the show? Yeah, Kanye West was pretty close with Valencia got canceled for that last photo shoot. He's been all over the place for years. Everybody knows that. I'm sure he's been through a lot. I feel for him. But let's keep our eyes open. Yeah,

Greg Reece  1:47:32
it's a very small club. And yet the majority of us still seem to obsess over them. Like royalty. You you

Jordan  1:47:41
agree? Oh, my God.

Dan  1:47:42
Very weird choice to to play.

Jordan  1:47:47
I genuinely don't know. I just don't I don't know where I'm at. I don't know where we live. Right? Well, I remember when I was young, that I knew all of this wouldn't happen. That's all I remember being young. I knew in my soul. There is no way that all of what happened after I grew up would happen. And it all did.

Dan  1:48:10
Yeah. There's a lot of surprises that have happened in adulthood, all of them all of the surprise I will say it is a small miracle and a giant piece of good luck that EA wasn't watching this special report because that could have gotten

Unknown Speaker  1:48:26
them out real quick. I was

Dan  1:48:27
watching at this point on Nick's streaming site because he has an Alex Jones channel on there. And so they play the show naturally. Man, the chat was furious. Of course this they thought this was a complete setup to make anti semitism look bad.

Jordan  1:48:44
So it made so Kanye shows up and he's spewing anti semitism and then they play a special report revealing that yay, himself is also a pedophile evil billionaire.

Dan  1:48:54
That was not Yeah, that was the stab in the back.

Jordan  1:48:58
That's saying That's very funny. Yeah, that's delightful.

Dan  1:49:01
Yep. So Tim Poole when he had yea on the whole goal was to talk about the dinner, right with Trump rare that did not happen, because

Jordan  1:49:12
who knows what that was for his other podcasts dinner with Timur

Dan  1:49:15
pool, MP the drain the pool. Now Now I'm too tired. Yeah, I'm sad. So that didn't happen there. But some of that conversation gets to happen here. And Nick has a little bit of a story about how people thought it was a setup.

Nick Fuentes  1:49:32
Trump gave kind of the standard black voter pitch, he talked about the HBCUs, the opportunity zones, things like that. And then it turned out that yeh had accidentally sent a text message to a lawyer that both Trump and gay share and forward him some intel that Karen gave to us about how we were going to handle the Trump meeting and how to read his body language and the kinds of things that maybe we should avoid. Today So before the donor Yeah, I accidentally forwarded that to a lawyer and then in the middle of the dinner apparently called Trump to say, Hey, Karen Jordan was involved. This is a setup. You guys are being set up right now. It was really just based on a misunderstanding. And after that call, who's

Alex Jones  1:50:17
this lawyer?

Nick Fuentes  1:50:19
Do you mind if I say the name? Yes, it's yes, you mind or I don't. Okay. It's Nico Vontae.

Kanye West  1:50:24
So he was texting on the line. I don't mind any names. I think that's the general gist. Oh, yeah, no shit, buddy. Finish the entire story.

Dan  1:50:32
This is a fun Nazi Comedy of Errors Nick is describing but there are some people who have been very adamant that Nick's version of the story isn't true. Karen giorno is a former Trump aide who was wrangled into attending the dinner by Milo and they knew each other because Jarno had helped with bloomers failed run for Congress. Apparently, according to Nick, she gave some advice about how to handle Trump which EA meant to text if wentest but accidentally texted, texted to Nick Gravano. A to Gervonta he then texted Trump to let them know that it was a setup apparently because giorno is out for revenge or something. Sure. Problem is that Gervonta has been very clear that he didn't tell Trump shit and Nick has no evidence that this happened at all. That's an issue, but that doesn't mean that the dinner wasn't a setup. giorno said she went on record and it said quote, Milo said that he arranged the dinner just to make Trump's life miserable. He was hoping that news of the dinner would leak and Trump would miss handle it. Nick Fuentes echoed that sentiment and he said I hate to say it but the chickens are coming home to roost. Also, Milo himself told NBC quote, I wanted to show trump the kind of talent he's missing out on by allowing his terrible handlers to dictate who he can and can't hang out with. Sure. I also wanted to send a message to Trump that he has systematically repeatedly neglected, ignored abuse, the people who love him the most the people who put him in office and that kind of behavior comes back to bite you in the end. lesson here is don't ever associated with any of these people. It will end up turning bad at some point. They don't have any shame.

Jordan  1:52:05
I mean, you are. How is it possible? That that is not clear evidence that Trump should not be allowed anywhere near power ever? He got out maneuvered by Nick Fuentes and Milo Yiannopoulos. He is so fucking stupid. He walked into a 20 year old assholes trap. What a fucking moron. Yeah, anyways, he's gonna win.

Dan  1:52:32
So anyway, Nick isn't a white supremacist. Did you know that?

Jordan  1:52:36
No, he is. No, he is.

Alex Jones  1:52:39
They say you're a white supremacist?

Nick Fuentes  1:52:41
No, not at all

Jordan  1:52:42
things. Whites are superior. Yeah, you know, I'm

Nick Fuentes  1:52:44
a Catholic. I'm Christian. And so I believe that we you know, that

Kanye West  1:52:48
sounds wising premise right there. But it's that

Jordan  1:52:49
kind of does.

Nick Fuentes  1:52:53
Well, I believe that we're all children of God. And so I think that black, white, red, brown, whatever, we are all we're all siblings in a certain sense, because we're created by God. I do though, believe that. There are races there are black people, there are white people, there are Hispanics. And these differences mean something to people, they mean things to each other. That doesn't mean that we can't get along. That doesn't mean that the love

Alex Jones  1:53:16
saying it's bad, even agriculture, they're saying none of us can say I'm this or that.

Nick Fuentes  1:53:20
Right? They want to melt us all down. That's what globalization is. They want to globalize the government, the economy and the population they want to global government. They want to globalize the economy through free trade, no culture. Exactly. And the PA we steal your culture, they want to make it so that in 50 100 years, there are no distinct nations. There's no distinct peoples. There are so nobody can stand up to him. Right. Just a slave class. undifferentiated. That's what they want.

Unknown Speaker  1:53:45
The future president you're talking to you right now?

Alex Jones  1:53:48
Is Nick, you're running?

Dan  1:53:50
not old enough. Now he's not old enough.

Jordan  1:53:53
I? Well, listen, I will say this right now. I'm putting this down. I don't care about morality. If Nick Fuentes is elected, I will kill him. I will absolutely kill Nick lintas. If he is elected president, he will die. I will assassinate him. FUCKING GOD. That and I don't care. I'll do my time. I'll do my time forever. I'm fine with it. But I will not let this world be run by Nick fucking pointless as God is my witness.

Dan  1:54:23
Well, I mean, you're speaking in quite a hypothetical. And, you know,

Jordan  1:54:28
that is a very specific hypothetical. Oh, well, I

Dan  1:54:31
think it won't come to this because I by the time Nick is old enough to run, I don't think there will be a precedent. Exactly the whole country will have collapsed into something or

Jordan  1:54:40
other. Yeah, I'm not concerned about whether or not I'll have to follow through on this one. But

Dan  1:54:45
I mean, look, there is a savvy that Nick has that. I think that no matter how bad any of this stuff gets with, yeh, I don't think that it's going to be a problem for him. Now. I think he can come out the other side completely. Fine, let people like Ali Alexander, Milo, and Owen Benjamin returned back to their obscurity. And Nick has an ability to explain the games that he's involved in, in a way that doesn't hurt his ability to play them. It makes people think they're playing it with exactly. And there is a way that on the other side of this, Nick can say, Look, I am in the interest is of my interest to advance Christian principles or whatever. And gay is a gigantic star. It was something that served my ability to spread the message of God and Jesus further. He would he's gonna be fine. Oh, yeah,

Jordan  1:55:43
no, I'm when the white supremacists are like, Oh, but you worked with Kanye will be like, Yeah, I told you, I was using Kanye as the black face of white supremacy. I fucking told him. I told everybody what I was doing. I'm literally the smartest person in the room, because I surround myself with the dumbest people on the planet. And

Dan  1:55:59
I never expected it really to come to fruition.

Jordan  1:56:02
This is

Dan  1:56:06
a means to an end now. And that's the part that's particularly troubling about him. It said. So, Alex, of course, it's still I mean, he put he gave Trump an ultimatum and Trump didn't live up to it. But Alex decided, Nah, no big deal. Well, whatever. But he's still in the business of supporting him. And so he tries to push back. Yeah, not he doesn't do a great job. Sounds right.

Alex Jones  1:56:29
It's fair, though. For Trump that is a political attack. To claim that he endorses or represents even the views they claim you hold that you don't hold. So clearly, you can see how the media is using you guys. As an attack on Trump. They're using

Kanye West  1:56:42
us to try to put this guy we've never heard of DeSantis. In office, like DeSantis is gonna play by the book. The thing about Trump is, this guy is one of the best presidents we have his top five presidents. He's right there with Ronald Reagan trick, and I might lay was a grad, he's one of the best businessman of all time. And the entire time he was the president. The Jewish media attacked him. They were mad because he was actually working for the country. And now they're doing everything, including this meeting, to try to just say he's not allowed to me. This is Infowars. Who are you to say who the president can meet with?

Dan  1:57:29
So I mean, you know, he's just throwing around very liberally terms like the Jewish media. Yeah. and stuff. It's very overt. And it's, it's Alex doesn't really even take any, it doesn't bat an eye it throwing around the Jewish media. And that's pretty bad. Yeah, that's, he's doing a terrible job of this. Because, again, it's not in his interest really, to have a fight or an argument about this. It is in his interest to try and sanitized things as best as he can. And try to cover his ass a little bit. In case, there's something that's particularly bad. There's like, I can't I can't be involved with this. Like, you know, saying the Nazis were great. Alex tries to be like, Well, I knew this guy who invented air conditioning. Yeah, Nazis are not good. Yeah. So he can try to like, get a little bit of that. dirt off him. It's not effective. It's transparent. But he just allows this ship to stand and fly.

Jordan  1:58:32
Yeah. And again, this is two easy things. People are stupid. Like, I mean, honestly, Alex could Alex to just be like, oh, you know what, you're right about the Jewish media. Point out who exactly is the Jewish media, like, give me outlets give me names. Who should we avoid? Am I the Jewish media? Oh, you're just saying fucking everybody, because you're an idiot. Thank you. Moving on.

Dan  1:58:53
I think Alex doesn't want to ask for specifics, because he might be a little worried that Nick would have them. Yeah. That's fair. Yeah.

Jordan  1:59:01
It is fair if it

Dan  1:59:02
were just gay, maybe. How have you thought through these positions? What exactly are you saying? But since Nick's there, you'd like Nick, take this one. And then then you're in deep water. That's true. So JFK RFK.

Jordan  1:59:18
Killed by Israel.

Nick Fuentes  1:59:20
There we go. If you want a Middle East peace, you have to go to Israel, because Israel is the one who has been bombing Syria.

Alex Jones  1:59:26
Israel's the one that's got 200 nuclear weapons ain't going nowhere.

Nick Fuentes  1:59:30
Exactly. And that's why they killed JFK and RFK was because of they were trying to get their WMD program off the ground operation Apollo, it was Jack Kennedy that wanted IAEA inspectors looking into it. Now,

Alex Jones  1:59:42
that is probably one of the main that's one of the reasons Kennedy got killed. That was level

Kanye West  1:59:45
what we need to say right now. And we're gonna bring ollie on in a second is my both my parents were educators, right? And we're here as the educators

Dan  1:59:55
know, so there's a problem with being the king of conspiracies and that actually not really knowing or caring about any of them. Nick comes in with his explanation for why JFK and RFK were killed. And Alex knows deep down that he doesn't actually know enough to argue with him. So he asked to submit and say, Yeah, that's probably right. Yeah, but he was real. Anyone who listens to Alex's show and pays attention to him and thinks this ship means anything shouldn't be offended by that spineless response. Alex has been very clear that his position is that JFK was assassinated, because he was going to dissolve the CIA take down the Federal Reserve. And because he didn't sign on to Operation Northwoods. At least that's his position when there's no one else there to challenge him. Whenever anyone else is there, he gets way less certain and pretty much any theories totally probably a big part of this as Manager Oh, totally. He's such a fucking fraud. And the fact that he has any audience retention is evidence that his listeners aren't actually listening. It's kind of sad, kind of sad.

Jordan  2:00:53
Yeah. You know, one thing that occurs to me is, I think, Now, none of us should really be surprised that JFK was assassinated, because there were so many reasons to assassinate him. You know, well, like everybody's got so many read there. Everybody's got their own reason. This is a man who is begging for assassination break practically Well, based upon, everybody thinks that they're all the stuff he did caused his assassination, right.

Dan  2:01:21
But those theories have had 50 years to come together. Like it's not like, the day after all of these theories were robustly they're like, Yeah, any big major world event, you can come up with 100 different explanations for why something happened. So we

Jordan  2:01:38
shouldn't be surprised.

Dan  2:01:41
So, yeah, as an educator, as I said, I don't see how that's possible. No, but Alex should be a little bit he should take note of shit like this and realize like, this is ideological. This is not one of your scam buddies

Kanye West  2:01:57
playing along with the system. So stop looking at us, like celebrities, like we're trying to get media, we're using our position, putting our finances, putting our our personal well being at risk, to say the truth out loud. And I was on the plane with Nick. And I said, it feels like we're in Vietnam in the middle of the war, where our backs to the wall holding our guns and saying, you know, Nick, how did you get here? Yeah, how did you get here? Of all the guns are going off and all the media is going off and say this is Info Wars, right? So you got some info warriors on both sides. You and you fought for us? You've been fighting this battle for a long time, Alex, and we just got to salute you as a Christian and as American because you paved the way to make braver soldiers like us today. It's like Terminator part. 10 happening right now.

Dan  2:02:43
I think Alex generally likes to hear stuff like that. But maybe today, maybe not. The not the proudest moment, not the day now. No. Hey, Alex, thanks for walking. So I could run and say that Hitler was cool. Yeah, like Nazi. The Jewish media is run amok,

Jordan  2:03:00
and it's real cool that you guys get to act like you're in a war. I just have to sit here and watch Fun,

Dan  2:03:06
fun to get credit for enabling this bullshit. Yep. So Alex suggests, hey, you should get something to eat. We've all eaten. It. Turns out Kanye can't eat.

Alex Jones  2:03:20
We'll take breaks and stuff too. And get you know, yay to eat something or whatever. Man that got somebody he hasn't eaten yet, and we're gonna stay fasting. He just probably won't eat. I'm probably gonna need some like, I'm not gonna tell you Mangia, mangia. So we're gonna

Kanye West  2:03:33
get a watch. I gotta watch my accounts because they've been frozen by the Jewish banks. So which one to watch my man zactly Oh,

Alex Jones  2:03:42
CNN says white people are evil Nazi. So I mean, I disagree with those statements. But I guess

Kanye West  2:03:47
I don't like the word evil next to Nazis. I think we need to

Alex Jones  2:03:52
Oh, my goodness.

Dan  2:03:53
You can see again Alex's knee jerk reaction to gays. Saying something like the Jewish banks froze my account is to rattle off his stock line about how the left says white people are bad. Is gays shit so bad when CNN says white people are evil. He isn't even thinking this is pure anti semitism deflection reflexes. And again, yay, doesn't care. He's there to demonize Jewish people support Nazis and pump up Hitler. That's what his entire media campaign is more or less about. And he is not interested in watering that down. No. Like he said in that last clip. This isn't about clout for him. This is an ideological thing that he believes himself to be a teacher about. So no matter how many times Alex tries to both sides of this, it's going to fail. It's really sad and it kind of reveals how few tricks Alex really has. He was saying how he doesn't have any tools. Now he has a couple of go to lines that usually work like when he's alone, or if he's drunkenly yelling at people on the street. And it doesn't really work when you're talking to an actual bigot. Yep, they don't care. Yeah, they're not impressed by your stupid shit. Yeah, no kidding. Yeah. So this next clip actually really highlights this. This dike Atomy between the two of them.

Kanye West  2:05:02
I don't like the word evil next to Nazis. I think we need to

Alex Jones  2:05:08
Oh my goodness. Just because you don't like one group doesn't mean the other. I love

Unknown Speaker  2:05:12
Jewish people, but I also love Nazis. Oh, man.

Alex Jones  2:05:17
Well, I have to disagree with that. i But listen, we're gonna go to break. I don't like either. I'm the I'm the crazy one here. We're all crazy. The whole world is crazy. And the old power structures coming down. This is absolutely lit. This is lit lit lit lit. Lit lit. Number one show in the world right now. Everybody's shooting everywhere.

Dan  2:05:36
Whoo. So that's the difference between them. Yeah, yeah is wearing a facemask saying ridiculously anti semitic shit and rejecting every lifeline Alex tries to throw him he is not interested in maintaining an image or being popular. Conversely, Alex is forcing himself to laugh at yeas dumb shit, essentially begging him to just soften this a little bit. And celebrating how many viewers have tuned in Yeah, that's what's important to Alex. There are tons of people watching so who cares about the messages being sent and what kind of harm is being done? Yeah, if we can get more viewers by slandering the parents of murdered children, the ends justify the means if we can get more eyes on the show by giving an unhinged bigot and his Baby Racist friend three hours on air to say whatever they want, while you give the Olympic fucking pushback imaginable. If it's gonna sell a few more pills, let it rip, man. Just let it go. Yeah, this is just it's spectacle. It's it's cynical.

Jordan  2:06:28
I mean, yeah, I thought I thought that Tim Poole thing was a freak show. This is an absolute fucking nightmare. This is being shown on TLC for fucks and

Dan  2:06:37
I understand that we're ways into our episode here. Yeah. But it gets worse. This isn't as bad as it gets. Oh my god, this is kind of small potatoes in many ways. Christ.

Dan  2:06:48
So you know, Laura Loomer called earlier and they they decided they needed to get her back to court and so she calls in it's really funny because honestly, it just seems like she's she's in a position where she's like, Hey, look, all you people have been canceled. I have to

Jordan  2:07:07
say, no cancer. No,

Alex Jones  2:07:11
Alexander Oh Shroyer join us riding shotgun. He doesn't want to wear an earpiece, so he's gonna call Laura Loomer. So we're gonna put Laura Loomer on the way she was originally going to be on earlier. Yeah, you're hosting the show. Go ahead.

Unknown Speaker  2:07:27
Laura, can you guys hear Laura on the mic?

Alex Jones  2:07:32
What they're doing is they're talking to her out there. I told them 45 minutes ago. Tell her you on the mic. Tell her you're gonna call her they didn't do that. Because it's such a party.

Kanye West  2:07:40
Can you guys hear her? Laura say some?

Alex Jones  2:07:48
Yeah, Laura, you're on the air. Go ahead. How's it going? Sound?

Jordan  2:07:52
So go ahead.

Alex Jones  2:07:53
He wants to it over speakerphone. Go ahead.

Unknown Speaker  2:07:57
Well, look, I just I just wanted to call in. You know, I see that everybody on this stream has been canceled in some fashion. And, you know, I've also been canceled. And, you know, I have a unique perspective. Because, you know, I'm Jewish, and I happen to be one of the most banned and censored person. People in this country. And

Dan  2:08:18
this is a little bit desperate. Yeah,

Jordan  2:08:20
this is. This is sad. This is this is you know, I think I've mentioned an episode A while back. I think I said this, but this is the most dark version of the Chris Gethard show. This is exactly like the Diddy episode, but evil. Yeah.

Dan  2:08:41
Sort of clunky color. Boy is nick the human face. It's yeah, I don't like thinking about it that way. But yeah, yeah, I mean, it is public access. At least it's

Jordan  2:09:00
that it's uncontrolled chaos. It's, I mean, it's bananas. This is bananas.

Dan  2:09:05
So, you know, who cares about Laura Loomer? But yeah, he even loves Zionists. So one of the ways that he's trying to present this whole thing about loving Nazism loving Hitler is like I love everybody. I love the Zionists and such right. And then he explains this a hierarchical power structure. Sure he sees

Kanye West  2:09:29
I love the Zionist I love the people that that blocked my bank account because God runs the world and uses everyone. There's a power structure under God that starts with 1000 year old families such as the medina cheese. Then it goes sorry what now the Vatican, which is in bloodline to Peter, not Paul. Then it goes to the financial group's Blackrock Vanguard and then to the government's. When we can go into Putin territory God's plan it goes to Hollywood Rahm Emanuel, that is the first smoke screen to get passed. And we're just breaking down those smoke screens. Hey, Ari, how you doing? Ari?

Dan  2:10:09
seems to really just sort of, you know, talk about Ari Emanuel a lot.

Jordan  2:10:13
I think he may have just played too much Assassin's Creed. I think he's just kind of gone a little bit too far with the whole templiers Assassin buddy cheese. Yeah,

Dan  2:10:21
as you mentioned, the law council of 300 Jewish elders or whatever earlier, how does that factor in his power structure? No

Jordan  2:10:30
idea.

Dan  2:10:31
Also, why is Rahm Emanuel consider part of Hollywood?

Jordan  2:10:34
I mean, I think, probably because yeh is incapable of thinking clearly. He doesn't actually understand what he's saying, let alone truly believe what it

Dan  2:10:47
is. Let me give you another screen. Let me give you another share. Rahm Emanuel is Jewish. Oh, it could be that. Yeah. So Alex has an idea for a new political party,

Alex Jones  2:10:56
but about a one about a First Amendment or for a Bill of Rights Party? Well, you know, the could transcend party lines don't like Pro to self defense of First Amendment, second minute party. I mean, how do we fix this yet?

Kanye West  2:11:11
We fix this with the word of Christ, the first book of Moses called Genesis In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth. The earth was without form and void. And darkness was on the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God was hovering over the face of the waters. That's where we start.

Alex Jones  2:11:37
And they know that that's why Prometheus shows that

Dan  2:11:39
Oh, okay. Total Prometheus total total Prometheus. Yeah. Yeah, he just took out his Bible and started on page one.

Jordan  2:11:46
That's a good, that's a good way to start. I would recommend he continue. I would recommend he read the whole thing, and really kind of put together what it is. He's thinking here

Dan  2:11:55
is my political party page one.

Jordan  2:11:59
In the beginning was the Word of the word was, Well, God, the Word was God.

Dan  2:12:03
Nick has another idea for a party.

Nick Fuentes  2:12:06
Yeah, I want to jump in and say that. I agree. I think, though, that it's not so much about the Bill of Rights. I think it's really more about Christian lowing I think that what higher wages, Christian party, Oh, I agree

Alex Jones  2:12:18
politically. But But you're right, Christ is

Nick Fuentes  2:12:21
first, right. And it gets to the nature of Judaism, which is the fact that Jews do not believe that Christ was the Son of God. And in fact, they're the only group that hate Jesus. Muslims. See, Jesus is a prophet, Buddhists, Hindus see Jesus as a spiritual figure. Jews write in their Talmud that Christ is burning in hell, they they don't like the cross, I think that's

Alex Jones  2:12:43
because he's kind of was taken over the thing. So at the end of the day, we are we say, he's not really a Jew.

Nick Fuentes  2:12:49
It's not the same thing, though. Because the kind of Judaism that we have now is not of the Old Testament itself, the rabbinical oral tradition. So these people are

Alex Jones  2:12:56
worshipping. They're not following the Old Testament or following the zohore and the Talmud and all that That's right, exactly. So So I mean, we people should read that for themselves.

Dan  2:13:04
Oh, this is a deeply anti semitic statement Nick is making and Alex is just going to go along with it offering up that people just read the Talmud for themselves. Sure. This is bullshit. And Alex is not pushing back in this interview at all. He's fully engaged. It's just kind of hard to see that at times, because his role isn't necessarily to say the same things as the A and Nick is to give an ineffectual push back and try to sanitize the things they're saying. Yeah, so people don't see them for what they actually are. Yeah, there have definitely been tensions between Jewish groups and Christian groups historically, but the stuff in the Talmud that Nick is talking about is an old anti semitic smear. And the Talmud, there are references to a magician named Balaam, who's remembered for trying to curse Jewish people. These references are understandably not positive. There were theories that points in history that the mentions of Balaam were coded references to Jesus, but these theories have been debunked yet, they are still perpetuated and asserted by anti Semites like Nick in order to incite hatred toward the Jews and Christians. Sure. Here's a passage about Jesus from the Talmud, quote, the intent of the creator of the world is not within the power of man to comprehend for His ways are not our ways, nor are his thoughts, our thoughts. Ultimately, all the deeds of Jesus of Nazareth, Nazareth will only serve to prepare the way for messy acts coming and the improvement of the entire world motivating the nations to serve God together. Nick is referencing passages that were about Balaam like this one, quote, the disciples of Balaam the wicked inherit ghanim and descend into the nethermost pit Gahan gnome is a somewhat synonymous or analogous to hell, in Talmud. He is passing along an old anti semitic smear and Alex has literally no ability or interest to engage with what he's doing, essentially allowing the slander to be legitimized in the eyes of the audience. They should read it for themselves, because Jesus was trying to take over the whole thing.

Jordan  2:14:58
Yeah, yeah, I'll I mean I you know, now that I know that what they're really mad at is a magician. I guess I gotta agree with them. You know, because what says it's worth murdering an entire race of people more than they made fun of a magician.

Dan  2:15:14
And the magician from what I understand was pretty mean to them to pretty much have its own dick anyway. Yay. Gets to Yellin complaining about being on drink champs sure that podcast where he said a bunch of anti semitic shit. And yeah,

Kanye West  2:15:31
you know, God loves me so much. He loves me so much, right? Then I go to drink champs and I'm drinking and the Bible says King don't drink right. I noticed that. Milo I nominate saying an incorrect perfect English. But the Bible says King don't drink and I'm drinking. And I'm smoking. And I'm using my ego because I'm tired. I'm tired of these like fed through like I'm live. I'm live let me say I'm tired of these fed celebrities trying to pick on me thinking that they gangster. We met in high school. Meek Mills. We're not in high school Puff Daddy. We don't and everyone thinks that there's so much more gangster like they got me in some way. Meek Mill into jail extended. Thank God and God got me. You know, saying I'm saying that. Oh,

Alex Jones  2:16:16
no, everybody pose an act of tough as another company. Yeah. You talked about rebel black sheep. I mean, you're definitely about it.

Kanye West  2:16:22
Yeah, yeah. Not tough to me. But I'm drinking and then I start saying stuff that doesn't please God, right. It wasn't the Zionist it wasn't the bank as God sent me back for the fact that the fact that I still had 400 million and Forbes couldn't get around it and show God loves me but he just had to he had to set me back a little

Alex Jones  2:16:42
Jovian proverb. You're going through a job and what?

Dan  2:16:45
Yeah, man, if Alex actually believes that what he's going through as a job like trial, then he must think that God wants gay to be really anti semitic and a piece of shit. And the devil is trying to tempt him to cut it out. Or maybe the devil is trying to tempt him into finishing thoughts.

Jordan  2:17:00
What if What if this is a new job, but instead of an uplifting story, it's the one where job loses and was like, Dude, you're right. I will hate the Jews. This devil guy is dope.

Dan  2:17:12
Maybe he met Joe Bluth. Who could be this

Jordan  2:17:15
does have more of a Joe Bluth vibe doing Yeah, he's going around sticking his foot in his face.

Dan  2:17:21
And yay stole I'm sorry. Arrested Development stalled. Mr. Banana grabber promoted Benjamin.

Jordan  2:17:28
Miss Duffy.

Dan  2:17:30
So yeah, there's some more talk about Kanye in his drink, champs period and such. Sure he's he ended up serving the devil.

Jordan  2:17:41
You know, what's odd, is there's this thing that Jesus said. And it's gonna blow your mind. What's that? Yeah. So he was talking about how if you look out and you see somebody with like a big old timber or like a little, a little stick in their eye, you know? You know, you should you should worry about the timber in your own fuckin eye. Before you start causing problems for other people. Or maybe a con you shut the fuck up about other people figuring out shit out well, but that's all he did. I don't think he did. He was

Dan  2:18:11
serving the devil. And now he's gotten on the right path and serving God. He's been two days without porn. Shut up. Listen, you serve on the death. Okay,

Kanye West  2:18:19
since I lost my wife, right, since I lost my family. And I was no longer the priests right in the middle of that home. And I didn't have the say so of the content that my kids watch and what they and what they wore and where they went to school and how we went to church and what they ate. I was frustrated and I let the devil cuz I couldn't. To the end. Next thing you know, I'm at I'm at New Year's Eve parties having threesomes. I'm like God was so mad at me. He said, I empowered you. I gave you every skill set. You're like Moses, you save Caesars life and battle twice. You know, it you might study you might not be the best Sorry, what cater but you're a leader game. And you're down there. You're not representing me. You're drinking. You're having sex. And you know what? And God he waited on me. He let me go, you know, eight months into the year, but it wasn't till I bragged about serving Satan with the actions that God said I gotta set you back now and set you straight. And then so we're moving my school. We're moving the Donda theology, engineering university into a church and we were there talking with the pastor and then a homeless gentleman came in and was talking to us and I say is this a plant? I don't know but this is the greatest try to kill this man. And I had him come to a Bible study. We were working on the walk to the house I don't like to call it a campaign. We're working to the walk today. Hold

Alex Jones  2:19:49
on. This is a heartbreaker through the our stations rejoin us. I skipped to the right we gotta have this Rebecca two minutes. We got to do this heartbreak. And I asked you want to put a website out where people can actually hear what you have to say.

Kanye West  2:19:58
I want you to remind me what I'm saying. Second give this explanation

Alex Jones  2:20:01
no no you have told me on the phone the story that the the I need to tell the people though. No, no you will. I'm gonna remember it's the amazing homeless guy comes in. Yeah and he gives you this incredible word all right

Kanye West  2:20:10
I don't care about the website I care about Jesus Christ and people knowing that I get it but they also got to know where to actually finally you're actually saying, only place to find it is in the Bible. My My website is the Bible

Alex Jones  2:20:20
net where people find what you're doing.

Nick Fuentes  2:20:22
Cozy dot hell lash Nick, and the fucking hell all right,

Dan  2:20:26
Nick. Nick's a little bit more interested in you should also go to my website. Yeah. Look at Bible. Cool. Yeah, but also my website. Yeah. So yeah, that was a little bit all over the place. So you served Satan or something? Because he had threesomes Right. Right. And then he met a homeless guy. We never get the end of the story. By the way. Alex does not remind him.

Jordan  2:20:51
We're good. Yeah, we got the story. Alex was good, if I recall correctly. First, Kanye turned him away. And then it turned out that he was a witch. So he cursed him. He has to live in the castle for the rest of his life until the flower finally wilts. Right?

Dan  2:21:06
Yeah. You told me on the phone to hear this again. That makes me wonder if it's like a really fucked up story. Yeah, I am not going to have this.

Jordan  2:21:17
I just want to remind people that when Kanye says he hurt God, that is not metaphorical. He literally heard that. I'm not joking. That is not like I've heard God before. Because bipolar will do that shit to

Dan  2:21:29
you. auditory hallucination? Hell yeah, baby. So a porno bed? Evil. Sure. According to you,

Kanye West  2:21:38
every form of pornography is only one is only 10 years away from pedophilia. It makes sense to me watching pornography if you're watching a woman have sex. On camera. She's reliving the trauma of being molested like all of a great a majority of women that end up being strippers, prostitutes or not or pornographers, adult film stars have gone through the trauma of experience experiencing pedophilia. But sex is a legal drug that's pushed to destroy humanity. If you drive down the street and California, they will be pushing strip clubs. They're pushing alcohol, they're pushing sex. It's this is like. So for people that have this moral code about pedophilia, but no moral code about strip clubs, pornography and the sex industry. It's not what the Bible says the Bible says that all of that is wrong. So Jesus said so or Jesus said, No, I hate to

Dan  2:22:41
overanalyze things, but based on the things you're saying, it seems really clear to me that he has some kind of an issue with porn. He keeps bringing it up, and he said that it played a role in destroying his marriage. And overall, it really seems like sex is a big problem for him. His discussion of working for Satan involved threesomes, which seems really tame for the devil. Yeah, if I had to guess I would assume that he has a bit of a problem when it comes to impulse control, and that expresses itself through sex and pornography. Instead of dealing with that going to therapy, he's decided to internalize the neo Nazi argument that pornography is a weapon that Jews use to destroy society. And in order to turn this into some kind of a high minded idea. He's presenting it as a concern for people engaged in sex work. It's all really stupid, but it kind of feels in line with the trend of the things he's saying. And it's no coincidence that he's fallen in with Milo, Nick and Owen Benjamin, all three of whom are Catholic fascists and followers of E. Michael Jones, who is one of the most high profile proponents of the Jews attack society with pornography narrative. Like it all just fits in more with the path and trend that he has towards just being a anti Semite. See,

Jordan  2:23:50
here's the thing, Dan, what you're not understanding is that sex workers, again, like all women have experienced trauma at the hands of men. So what we need to do is take away their independent source of income that allows them to exist in their own lives with their own control over themselves, and then dominate them forever with the Bible. Da da

Dan  2:24:14
does seem to have a bit of prescriptive ideas about how things should go that involve control seems

Jordan  2:24:22
odd. Yeah, seems odd that he wants to control everything that his family does. Oh, wait, no, that's normal for Yeah,

Dan  2:24:29
so in the Balenciaga stuff still, and, you know, obviously, it's a big issue because yeh was involved with them, and now they're the center of this. pizza gate. 4.0 or whatever. We're growl, whatever. And he's ie thinks it's a distraction,

Alex Jones  2:24:51
Balenciaga though you're gonna, just overall what are you gonna do obviously with a lot of fashion brands. Now the stuffs come out. It's almost like they did this on purpose as a PR stunt.

Jordan  2:25:00
Every one doesn't serve as you know,

Kanye West  2:25:01
I'm friends with the head designer. And I believe that it was a setup. I think it was a hit job. And now all of a sudden, everyone is so outraged and focused on Balenciaga. But then we're still avoiding our kids. We're still fornicating we're still we're still killing each other. We're still listening to music that promotes that. But all we don't we don't wear Balenciaga now. You shut the hell up, you know, say at the end of the day, what are you doing? You're throwing stones all my god, but you know, our moral code, we just, we just cheated on our wives. We just we just fornicated we just had three songs. We just bought some sex on Instagram. We just sold some sex. We use sex to sell a product, but we don't like Balenciaga Shut up. I'm throwing the tablets right now. Shut up. It's the grandmas about prostitution. And everyone involved in any version of the sex business. It's as bad as the pedophile so everyone shut up.

Alex Jones  2:26:06
Yeah. I'm listening. Yeah, you're listening.

Jordan  2:26:09
Isn't? It is odd? Yeah, I'm gonna throw this out there. It might be somewhat unChristian, unquote. I'm in maybe my interpretation of the Bible is wrong. It's not. But he seems very interested in his own problems and very dismissive towards everyone else's thoughts and opinions. Well, they

Dan  2:26:32
should just shut up.

Jordan  2:26:33
That is a good point.

Dan  2:26:33
I hadn't considered that before. And apparently Instagram is basically prostitution because people post sexual images. Sure. People in swimsuits and what have you

Jordan  2:26:46
my wife shows me pictures like little clips of like, this place has foxes they raised foxes. They're so cute. They make little laughing No. Oh my god. It's the cutest anyways, pornographer

Dan  2:26:58
that's pedophilia that's

Jordan  2:26:59
better that's a fox Ophelia.

Dan  2:27:01
Oh Nelly. So we get a little bit of a talk about something else a different issue namely Ukraine. What else is

Alex Jones  2:27:09
on your radar? Because there's a lot when you think about the Ukraine war What do they want the devaluation dollar? What does he want? FTX and Bitcoin others so

Jordan  2:27:16
why would I care? What yea thinks about these things?

Nick Fuentes  2:27:19
Well, yeah, in terms of Ukraine and Russia, I haven't really seen so much of that in the news. I'm of course pro Putin. I'm very pro Russia. I am also let's go Yeah,

Jordan  2:27:30
we know Let's go. Let's go like they just won American Ninja. Let's go. We love Buddha. Well,

Dan  2:27:39
not not quite a surprise.

Jordan  2:27:41
This is comically stupid. This is but knockers. Yeah.

Dan  2:27:45
And like I said, it gets worse. Oh in Shroyer shows up. What does he have to add? Oh. So insightful. What lighting

Jordan  2:27:55
fired? Black Lives Matter flag? Kanye, that's a smart idea. Do that. No, no, no, you that you've raised his pieces of shit.

Dan  2:28:03
He's going to be so insightful odd.

Owen Shroyer  2:28:05
I'll hold my questions for you later, because I kind of want to come in because we have a lot of eyes on this transmission right now. And there's a lot of people sharing their opinions on the internet with this right now. And so I kind of just want to, you know, I just want to take a step back and just say, Look, we're in a difficult realm with what we're doing here today trying to balance fun and seriousness, because we are serious people. We have serious missions and goals. But we also want to have fun. We don't want to hate life. We want to enjoy life and we want other people to enjoy life. And when I see the response on the internet, from the haters, and the people getting angry today, I'm just I'm just a little perturbed. Let J speak. Let the man speak. You may not agree with what he has to say. But why don't you want him to speak? I don't get it. Same thing with Alex Jones. Why don't you want Alex to speak? What is wrong with you?

Dan  2:28:50
What the fuck is even saying? Like first of all, this shows neither funny nor serious. It's a complete pile of bullshit that's intended to mainstream and sanitize incredibly dangerous narratives for the sake of getting Alex more viewers. It's a shameful exercise in nihilism. But zooming out is Oh, and would say who the fuck is stopping you from speaking? Some people who are saying that it's fucked up that he's into Hitler on Twitter. That doesn't seem to have any effect on how much or how little yeas? Yelena knows and this stuff? Yeah. Oh, and it's seeing negative responses to what you're saying and then getting mad at that, but he knows that it would sound like he's an idiot baby. If he's just saying that he felt like him and all of his bigot friends are entitled to only get positive feedback from people. To avoid having to sow that weak and fragile he recontextualizes it and pretend the people being justifiably offended by what you're saying is somehow stopping him from speaking. It's bullshit and when you hear stuff like this, it's important to recognize that all it is is oh and weaponizing his own insecurity is a fucking child. Anyway, I lied when I said he was being insightful that was that was kind of

Jordan  2:29:55
I find yeas obsession and hatred towards pornography and foreign Education very ironic considering everybody around him right now is metaphorically on their knees with their head bobbing up and down underneath the desk. Do you know what I'm saying? Because this is shameful

Dan  2:30:14
that's pretty bad. Yeah. About this one though.

Kanye West  2:30:17
And those people that are out there mad at the ability for us to say things for consciousness we have to I have to think okay white lives matter I'm gonna do a T shirt I'm gonna make it you understand what could culture is controlled by the Zionist media making people mad outraged going out to the street we're so outraged but you're not doing anything yourself to change it and follow God and follow credit I'm selling shirt thing against God today.

Jordan  2:30:42
I'm a good purchase love everyone.

Kanye West  2:30:43
So if I say I love the Zionist that that cancel my account, then I can say I love I didn't not consent. I do love Hitler. I do love the Zionist I love every one. The Zion is cannot tell me who I can love and that love. I don't think like that. I think more like someone that's on the spectrum, since that's what they want to claim. Well, let me be on the spectrum of love because let's

Alex Jones  2:31:06
answer good t shirt. I love him to

Ali Alexander  2:31:08
bar. That's the bar joking.

Alex Jones  2:31:12
I love it. I love Zion.

Dan  2:31:16
So yeah, well, culture is controlled by the Zionist media. Sure. Cool. Cool. I mean, it is just getting kind of a bit repetitive. Yeah, yeah.

Jordan  2:31:26
I'm not to him, though. I find myself

Dan  2:31:28
not having as much really even to say in terms of like analysis of a lot of this stuff. It's just Oh, here here this is

Jordan  2:31:37
yeah. Yeah, I mean, we accidentally convinced a bipolar person while they were relatively sane, that they were basically the Messiah. And then whenever they went to the manic side, oops, we've got an actual Messiah. Now

Dan  2:31:54
we're really fucked. Maybe not oops for Alex though. No, I mean, he gets a lot of free pub out of that's true. So Ali Alexander shows up and he shows that he has pretty like a decent awareness of like, in studio or on the phone, he's in studio. But he seems to have kind of an awareness of like what they're doing okay,

Ali Alexander  2:32:15
you can look at this interview and you can be triggered you know, you can engage your ego and say, yea endorsed genocide when he did it. You can look at this broadcast and say, Nicholas Winchester is a 2324 year old you know, secret dog whistling kk k Nazi, but that's also not the case. You could say that Alex Jones and Owen Shroyer are actually platforming hate, but that's not what's going on at all. And I think we're all just sucking on Kanye data right now narrative history is that realizing that the Overton window the Republican establishment so that the window conservative movement so this out the churches, they closed, so when we look for leadership on the right, there was none. Okay? When Owen Shroyer got charged when Ali Alexander got sued, investigated, Alex, when you got sued, do we get a call from our Lago saying, Hey, I'm a billionaire. And I want to I want to help fund what you guys have been through. For me, Trump can't afford it either. So here we are left with the last option on Infowars, the home of the resistance, and we're a bunch of pseudo celebrities with one celebrity saying, Okay, well, we're just gonna break bunch of losers. We're getting off your chess board because it is rigged. It's rigged by Lucifer. It's rigged by the satanists. It is rigged by the Jewish mafia. And people don't want to say that it's rigged by the Marxist and the leftists, and all of these people. And it's actually frankly, rigged by people who would, you know, betray Christ within the church, the apostates. So I think that this broadcast should encourage everybody to take everyone else just at their word, only use what they're saying, taken in good faith and in the best light and stop relying on the ADL and the SPLC or Twitter trends. In fact, Elon should get rid of Twitter trends.

Dan  2:33:59
All right. All right. Okay, taking care of the big issues there. But look, Ali is very clearly aware that what they're doing is basically being like look at CIT didn't work. The other stuff. Yeah. Yeah,

Jordan  2:34:15
let's see how mask off works. Yeah. They tried lying. Let's just say we want to kill the Jews. I bet more people would agree with us than you think.

Dan  2:34:23
Nobody. We thought Trump was gonna be the this was gonna work finally didn't work. Nope. Didn't work. We tried to take over the capital

Jordan  2:34:32
really? didn't go well work.

Dan  2:34:35
So our last option, look at this guy. We got to celebrities, to Hitler.

Jordan  2:34:41
Yeah, it. It turns out, we're dumb. So we're trying this now. Yeah, we're trying yay as our avenue to political success

Dan  2:34:52
well, and at very least, wreak some sort of vengeance on the conservative establishment or the world. rolled the world of the right wing that turned their back on these Nazis.

Jordan  2:35:06
Yeah, here's, here's what I'll say to Ali's point. A, it may be one people can rig something or a group of people, so many. But if everybody has rigged something, then in reality, that's just the system, and you're not invited.

Dan  2:35:26
Well, I do think that Ali's not invited,

Jordan  2:35:28
I would like to invite him from all stuff.

Dan  2:35:30
I would say, my biggest response to Ali's grow up. I get over it girl up all. Yeah. And if I had to sort of just re frame what he's saying. It would be where? Yeah,

Jordan  2:35:45
that's a good one, too.

Dan  2:35:47
So Kanye talks about, or excuse me? Yeah, he talks about his mom dying. Apparently, she was a Zionist sacrifice.

Alex Jones  2:35:57
I embrace it. Your mother was sacrifice. Can you elaborate on that? Yeah. I

Kanye West  2:36:01
believe that Michael Jordan's dad was sacrificed. I believe. Did some happen with Tiger Woods. Yeah. My mom, these are just a thing. sacrifices that happen. But this is Satan. At the end of the day. There's a lot of people that feel like we're at the end. Why aren't you Matt Hayes? And Jesus runs the world. God runs the world. Jesus is the real king of Israel. And I'm just a simple servant. Of of God.

Dan  2:36:28
Yeah. Zionist sacrifices is apparently on the table now. With no real push back to speak of from Alex about. What do you mean by that? Sure. Yeah. What is a Zionist sacrifice? You

Jordan  2:36:42
know, it's one of the sacrifices. Uh huh. That's what they do. Oh, they sacrifice things to the things. Cool. And now the stuff is done. Sure. So, so if I understand correctly, that wasn't one of the inciting events that led to Kanye being anti semitic, though. No, it was just

Dan  2:37:02
a thing that happened. Well, do you mean the thing with Tiger Woods? Yeah,

Jordan  2:37:05
I guess. It clearly he doesn't even remember that one. No, no,

Dan  2:37:09
that was a pretty low

Jordan  2:37:10
keys. Yeah, that was not the biggest sign a sacrifice of all.

Dan  2:37:14
So in this next clip, yay. Seems to be begging celebrities to murder him. Okay. All right. This is weird.

Kanye West  2:37:21
They want to dumb us down. And I'm probably the lowest IQ here of anyone speaking. And I'm saying set to competition. I don't want to judge no longer be ran by the idea of fake influence and celebrities. I didn't I'm gonna interrupt you. Oh, no, no, hold on. Alex. Don't interrupt me. I didn't. I didn't announce every celebrity. I know not every celebrity I've ever stood next to God bless you. And you notice the Christian word of what I really want to say. Any celebrity only celebrity that I rock with is Ray J literally every every one of y'all others. Y'all all saw come see me when y'all want to see me. Every fake gangster so called killer, any basketball player, any rapper, any actress, any musician, any model any editor, come see me come see God's child right now. Please. I want to I want I want to see my mama, you know, saying you can't touch in Jesus name, baby.

Alex Jones  2:38:23
I was gonna say this though. I want to be clear. You can't touch with Jesus. They usually have the lowest IQ. Anybody here? I'm not kissing your ass. Yeah, that's not true.

Dan  2:38:32
Okay, good. Good. Good. Really, really taking the temperature of what's what's happening and responding to? Yeah, getting back to that important.

Jordan  2:38:43
Yeah, I find the the smacking noises that they're making to be very pornographic as well. Stop it.

Dan  2:38:51
So he knows he insists that Yeah, isn't dumb. He doesn't have low IQ

Jordan  2:38:56
and he has a big debt and you have the biggest penis to your penis is so big

Dan  2:39:01
Alex is quite smart himself. Sure. And he's an idiot savant. If you'll never guess what his superpower is. Jesus,

Alex Jones  2:39:07
I can tell you I'm an idiot savant. That's a French word doesn't mean I'm actually an idiot. It means that I don't know a lot of stuff but things I know. I know. Like, I don't even get into it, folks. But it's, it's ridiculous. Okay,

Alex Jones  2:39:18
I am, cardi also. And I

Alex Jones  2:39:22
can tell you what time the clock is gonna say for I look at it. That little weird thing I'm gonna do. The point is is that is that is that there's savant that actually bring the world the next level.

Dan  2:39:31
Yeah, so Alex is idiot savant. And this is that he always knows what time

Jordan  2:39:35
Hold on. Hold on. I gotta see the post credit scene. Does Nick Fury show up at the end of this episode?

Dan  2:39:44
We can't You can't we need you for the Avengers Initiative. Can't imagine that that is a useful power. Because he's saying that he knows what time is going to be on the clock before he looks at it and the existence of the clock renders his power useless, man And Alex has a bunch of watches that are very expensive, expensive watches. So I would see I would feel like he doesn't need those. Nope, nope, he was this. He doesn't

Jordan  2:40:09
need clocks, either. He only needs clocks to confirm that he has this power. Sure.

Dan  2:40:13
I always want to be reassured. So Ali has an interesting sort of policy.

Jordan  2:40:21
Sorry, you laughing at me saying? No, no, no, I just I just had the thought that of Alex that no one man should have all that power

Dan  2:40:29
to be able to tell what time it is. Looking at a clock. It is very ripe for abuse. So listen to this shit. Yeah.

Ali Alexander  2:40:38
And Nick is actually the person who's talked best about this. And this is where I think that like Laura Loomer, who is Zionist Jew, conservative, and patriot, and then you who are kind of libertarian or conservative terian and Owens kind of conservative and would disagree with Nick and I, you know, might be more of the Catholic tradition, we would totally support blasphemy laws. Totally. You know, and I don't want to speak for him. But you know, what Nick points out is that you have to have a right to dissent that is way more powerful than, you know, move free speech where we're actually rigging the system to have what yeah, he's talking about Instagram, and

Alex Jones  2:41:15
I'll come right back in a moment. Yeah, he wants me to tweet on his giant with 35 million viewers. 36. Yeah,

Kanye West  2:41:21
we're gonna have Alex Jones. Put out from my Twitter. How are you? How's it going? How's your wife's clothing line? She's,

Jordan  2:41:29
oh my god, Ali, you are such a loser.

Dan  2:41:32
I mean, this is supposed to be a free speech pageant, ya know, basically and here ally is advocating for on behalf of Nicolas, speak for him, but he's saying me and Nick agree on this. We should have blasphemy

Jordan  2:41:43
what I would like is Sharia law. Now I know that we've talked in the past about how it's bad, but have you considered beheading people who say God sucks,

Dan  2:41:52
it seems a little weird.

Jordan  2:41:55
Position the first time you behead somebody, you're like, this may be a little too far, but you get used to it. But

Dan  2:42:00
how exciting is it? That yeh is gonna let Alex tweet?

Jordan  2:42:05
Yeah, I mean, it is it is funny that we have to interrupt your belief that blasphemy should be executable. With I get to tweet from Kanye his Twitter account? Well,

Dan  2:42:15
to be fair, he didn't say what the exact punishment would be assuming it's beheaded. Well, I

Jordan  2:42:19
mean, I know what a blasphemy law is and it doesn't end well. Sometimes. He's usually pretty pissed off about

Dan  2:42:26
there's chill blast. Anyway Aleksa tweets.

Alex Jones  2:42:34
Let's do an overhead shot here. Please guys, so I can do this. I haven't tweeted so long. I don't remember how this works. You guys do not read shot for me. Alright, so this is a yeas phone here. And I just want to say I love don't love lop the Jews don't Don't say that. It's true. I do love them first as you say amendment AMT does abbreviation

Nick Fuentes  2:43:03
AMD tea I think not sure.

Alex Jones  2:43:05
Yeah, I got it. I love the First Amendment.

Dan  2:43:08
See it's a fun thing for him to tweet right after Ali was advocating for for blasphemy,

Jordan  2:43:13
blasphemy laws. I love the First Amendment however, that shouldn't count against God because there should be a one world religion and it's mine.

Dan  2:43:19
I didn't have any problem with or even a response to ally saying that

Jordan  2:43:24
I loved the First Amendment love the First Amendment.

Dan  2:43:27
They are so giddy because they pass the phone around and they all get to tweet from Yeah,

Jordan  2:43:31
I mean, the amount of star fuckery pathetic bullshit that these people engage in while at the same time pretending that they are at any sense of the word. A powerful man. Fuck off.

Dan  2:43:45
It's a bunch of coward meanwhile, yeah, yeah, he continues to be obsessed with REO manuals while he this is

Jordan  2:43:51
what I'm saying. All of them are like jerking Kanye West off nonstop and yeah, he's just out here to do whatever he fucking wants to

Dan  2:43:59
weirdly and sort of vaguely sexually threatened

Jordan  2:44:04
Yeah, yeah.

Alex Jones  2:44:05
Billions are gonna visit info Ari and

Kanye West  2:44:07
manual if your wife needs any help or creative direction for our line, I will gladly help you even though you tried to destroy my life. I will help your wife on the creative direction and I will not do anything on Christian when we're in the room together and Jesus name our if you wait which Christian to help your wife with her love your Christianity

Jordan  2:44:26
is fucking weird. No,

Alex Jones  2:44:27
okay. What you put out we're gonna put it on screen.

Nick Fuentes  2:44:30
I put out Christ as King America first ROI paper and then I put eautiful

Alex Jones  2:44:33
bible.com Beautiful.

Kanye West  2:44:36
You can put the info or thing I go out the Alexander. What are you going to tweet from? Yes, Twitter.

Dan  2:44:43
You did have his Twitter suspended. Not for this I don't think but a little bit after this. Elon kicked him back alive. Who fucking cares? So anyway, they are all so excited to tweet and then Alex has to pee. So he leaves

Jordan  2:45:00
cuz that's the smartest thing he's done this whole show.

Dan  2:45:04
I will say, you know, I've been pretty critical of Alex and I stand by that. Yeah, but the show does grind to a halt when he leaves. It is brutal. It's not very long, but there is a drop in energy. I don't know exactly why these are all people who love to talk. Yeah. But some for some reason. It just does not work out Intel ally starts doing a little bit of improv

Ali Alexander  2:45:32
free. Alex, free, Nick. Nicholas,

Unknown Speaker  2:45:41
free speech,

Ali Alexander  2:45:42
free speech. And free Ollie.

Jordan  2:45:48
This is the level of typing I expect. Boom Ba

Ali Alexander  2:45:51
ba ba ba. Boom, bye. Yeah. Yeah, no, I don't know if that's it.

Kanye West  2:45:59
Ducking autocorrect

Jordan  2:46:03
I hate all of you. So sweet. Here we go. Do

Ali Alexander  2:46:05
we get the overhead of that? Let's get the team to get the camera. Get the camera. I love the crew. I love the crew. But get the camera zoom in. And that's what I want. mask it the mask? Yeah. Oh, you want me to redo the skit? All right. I love this crew. But you know, sometimes. Sometimes it could just be stubborn. Julian overhead shot. Do me an overhead shot. I'm sorry. I'm

Unknown Speaker  2:46:32
just a retard.

Ali Alexander  2:46:35
We love out. Here this.

Dan  2:46:38
It's there's kind of the feeling of a kid who no one really likes. Yeah. But has cool stuff. Yeah. And so people are kind of using him. Yeah, to get that stuff. Yeah. And then when he's out of the room, they kind of make fun of him. But they're live

Jordan  2:46:56
right. On his ship.

Dan  2:46:59
That's the kind of vibe this gives. Also when he says the mask. There's Alex mask. Yeah. So Ali puts that on to pretend. Yeah, I mean, it's a bit of I mean, it's an impression that I would certainly do but I would be insulting Alex. Right. And I believe that is a little bit insulting,

Jordan  2:47:17
in I mean, if you step back though, there is something very progressive about a black man in America, forcing white supremacists to dance for him. That's kind of powerful, you know? Yeah.

Dan  2:47:34
I mean, I Yeah. Anyway, there's a big audience and Alex is really excited about so you want to be a to give a message. And here's what he chooses.

Alex Jones  2:47:44
Yeah, who knows? Maybe Kanye what? Maybe yeh was never here. It's never disrespect when I call you Kanye. I've just been calling you that for 15 years. So I was like, Oh, my, you know, my brother or something? I'm gonna call him. Yeah, he's even better. It's definitely taken taken hold. Like it's an awesome name. But But But seriously, yeah. What else you want to tweet out to folks is everything right now is going super mega total viral. What is your message to Trump right now? What's your message to the fans right now?

Kanye West  2:48:11
I don't know who DeSantis is. I never heard of the guy.

Alex Jones  2:48:16
I hear you all the elites back in the SAS gives me why concern?

Jordan  2:48:20
No, I hear you. Yeah. No, no, no, no, I had never heard of him either. Yeah, who was? Anything you say is true? I love you.

Dan  2:48:29
His name is Ronald.

Jordan  2:48:30
Can I look your feet?

Dan  2:48:33
So Nick, not a white supremacist.

Kanye West  2:48:37
It's like we love Trump. We love yay.

Nick Fuentes  2:48:41
That's right. Yeah, no, I'm with you, TA and Trump and anybody going for DeSantis or McCarthy? That's just not the energy. That's not the vibe that's not Maga. That's not Jesus energy. That's not dragon energy. So I like what you said about people need to just put it all on the line and finally tell the truth. That's the problem. Here's

Alex Jones  2:49:00
the bottom line. You're not a white supremacist. I've heard I've seen your show. You love everybody. You stand up for white people. Everybody should stand up for themselves. Everybody else. It's a load of crap that you're a white supremacist. True. Yeah. And you help roundup Jews like George Soros? No. Okay. Well, I would Yeah, I don't hear anything from the ADL or anybody else. But

Kanye West  2:49:18
for the ADL, I want to say there's a lot of good Nazis that were just fighting for the country and for them, or like George Soros, or do put them all to get put in a box. They're all in a box. Every Nazis bad. Well, could some of the Nazis have just been fighting for their country? Oh, they're all we can't. We can't put it all in a box.

Dan  2:49:39
See, again, Alex is trying to do that Soros reflex thing? Yeah, the deflection and yeah, he's not having any part of it. There are good Nazis. Hey,

Jordan  2:49:49
maybe Soros is good. I guess it is. It's up in the air. Oh, God. It's up in the air man. You never know.

Dan  2:49:56
So Alex, you know he's having this trouble with Uh, his deflections not being accepted, rare and so he tries to explain to you that Hitler was a bad dude

Jordan  2:50:06
interesting. Let's see how this goes doesn't work

Alex Jones  2:50:09
Cherie so I've really studied a lot of history plus I had family that was there and so I mean I don't think Hitler was a good guy I get the Hugo Boss you may take a take, but I mean just because you're in love with the design you're a designer can we just kind of say like you liked it. You liked the uniforms but that's about all we

Kanye West  2:50:26
know. I'd say there's a lot of things that I love about Hitler. A lot What did you think about that

Alex Jones  2:50:44
did you say it's okay, let me ask you you like the A Zog battalions they openly Heil Hitler the leftovers of World War Two. They support Zelinsky and attacking Russia. So you liked the Hazon battalion? I

Unknown Speaker  2:50:55
love every one

Dan  2:50:57
you're not going to be able to trap them with one of these treasures I love ever there's

Jordan  2:51:02
no way to trap him. This doesn't make sense. Oh, by your logic none of what he's saying makes sense or means anything he could be saying any words right now.

Dan  2:51:12
Back to a fish net. Absolutely. Fish Tank net.

Jordan  2:51:16
This is this if I was writing a parody character and I have of a Nazi who says exactly what they believe. I wouldn't get this ridiculous. It's unbelievable.

Dan  2:51:28
Yeah, yeah. It's it's pretty, pretty silly. Yep. But that again masks the the dangerousness toxicity of the actual ideas that are being put forth. So yeah, he has some thoughts about Clockwork Orange. Did you know that was about Jews?

Alex Jones  2:51:47
Well, my point is involved with Hitler. You didn't do anything. So having the ADL say anybody that opposes communism in the New World Order is a Nazi. Well, you kind of get what you give, you know,

Kanye West  2:51:57
no one, no one cares about the ADL. They're played out. Jesus,

Alex Jones  2:52:02
they run. They ran Twitter the last week. They don't run

Kanye West  2:52:05
anything. No one knows the eight. No one cares. They're played out looking at people. I've had a problem looking at Clockwork Orange, there's a part where a Jewish guy makes the guy kiss the shoe and he says kiss the liquid kiss the Jew. Like people have had issues with Jewish people forever. But what I'm saying is I love Jewish people.

Alex Jones  2:52:25
I loved you as we're talking about Stanley Kubrick but the Warren background you'll see Clockwork Orange is about Jews. Absolutely. Look at it. I thought about a collapsing Stanley Kubrick was you.

Jordan  2:52:37
Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, nevermind. I think I changed my opinions. I really love 2001

Dan  2:52:43
Alex's response to this discussion is Oh, put up that background from the Dr. Fragile Oh, that's

Jordan  2:52:50
gonna do it. That's how we do it.

Dan  2:52:53
Wow. Just abdicating any responsibility to have a coherent conversation. Well, I guess that there is a point of this where it's like, how could you have a coherent conversation? But that's not the position Alex has not just like well, let's get through it. No, he's he's engaged. Yeah, he's just choosing not to do anything.

Jordan  2:53:15
Yeah, it is it but at the same time, he's still not actively helping it descend into complete chaos. You know,

Dan  2:53:22
I think he is. Yeah,

Jordan  2:53:24
I think he's just kind of realized that he's lost.

Dan  2:53:26
Yeah, but you know, by not ending it

Jordan  2:53:29
well that's a good point. If you lose you can just end the game for you lost you lost the game the game is over. It's

Dan  2:53:36
not gonna get better. No, no, our tools don't work.

Jordan  2:53:40
Just Kanye is not going to get more coherent right. Yeah.

Dan  2:53:43
Fucking like there's there is a built in way to do this. Just cut the feed. Yeah. And then be like we couldn't afford the bandwidth too many people were watching at the same time the site crashed. Yep, something like that. You can easily do that. Anything on

Jordan  2:53:56
get out of APA says something different. Who fucking cares? Nobody's gonna believe his ass,

Dan  2:54:01
right? Especially not Alex's audience who he can convince of anything. So Alex, I guess out of the goodness of his heart decides that he's going to try and argue on behalf of Jewish people

Jordan  2:54:13
Sure. That's nice. Doesn't work. He's a good represent.

Alex Jones  2:54:16
i I see incredible literature and art and music and just so many great so much great stuff Jews do just like I see some of the great things black people do or any other Grimm. Like your Beethoven's German. I don't blame Beethoven for Hitler, and I believe

Kanye West  2:54:29
about Wagner. Or Adi Dassler or Hugo Boss. We have all this demonization. We don't care anymore. ATO. Obviously, no one cares. Shut up. No one cares. Jesus is King. Shut up. It's done. Tomorrow. It's all done next day.

Alex Jones  2:54:49
You know, German cars do break down and cost a lot of money to fix.

Kanye West  2:54:53
Germans make really good cars.

Alex Jones  2:54:55
Why are we Ebony's make better ones?

Kanye West  2:54:58
Germans had a really cool leader One time.

Dan  2:55:02
You're Alex. Oh my god. Yes. So just treading water, but like, it's not good at treading water. So he's kind of sinking.

Jordan  2:55:15
He's in quicksand. Everything he does only makes him

Dan  2:55:18
go deeper. Yeah. So yeah, he is mad at Ben Shapiro.

Jordan  2:55:22
Well, yeah, I mean, that's reasonable. Well, not for the same reason. No, no,

Dan  2:55:27
it's mostly because he's Jewish. Yeah.

Kanye West  2:55:29
I want to say with Ben Shapiro, he was so disrespectful to his employee, Candace Owens, for speaking out against me. And that just shows you another level of this kind of control that's out there. No, I

Alex Jones  2:55:42
agree. I want and I want her she's a really smart, beautiful lady really defended you. But I mean, are you saying Ben Shapiro's got her on a leash?

Unknown Speaker  2:55:50
I think it's pretty obvious. Oh, boy,

Alex Jones  2:55:56
you know, it's our Paul Watson. We didn't launch her she deserved it. But Infowars launched Candace Owens.

Kanye West  2:56:02
Yes, but every one is still controlled by the Jewish media we need to serve first.

Jordan  2:56:08
Wow. Wait, so as he gets

Dan  2:56:09
what is going on, while the Jewish media is?

Jordan  2:56:15
Yeah. How about it? I think they're controlling this Alexandria view.

Dan  2:56:21
Well see, Alex wants to push back a little bit on this idea of the Jewish media.

Jordan  2:56:24
Right? Well, that would be wise. Sure. Yeah. Well, he

Dan  2:56:27
didn't do it all the other times, no, that would have been wiser back then. Sure. Slide a number of times when yeh brings up and complains about the Jewish total wisdom decreases after every opportunity. So he tries and I think he does maybe the worst job possible.

Alex Jones  2:56:45
Jewish media, let me just read a real world example. I'm not just I'm Chris Powell. We met Matt Drudge, once he came here hung out a few hours and went to dinner. He's Jewish. I never asked for anything. He never told me what to do. He only sent a few emails here and there to writers saying, hey, yeah, this is about the worst thing like somebody emailed to me. And he was a Jewish guy that totally helped us get to the next level, we would have been successful without him, but he liked supercharged and then suddenly, he flips the other side, never talked to him again. And his websites like a Democrat hellscape. But I'm just saying it's like, I've known a lot of Jews in my life. Wait, and I didn't have the Hollywood experience you had? Did you just tell the Jews in my life? Overall, were were very nice people. So I'm actually tired

Kanye West  2:57:26
of hearing about the Jews. Like I love them. I didn't care that much. You know, but we

Alex Jones  2:57:33
spent the last three hours two hours talking about them. Because it's you make a good point. It's fun. Why don't want to hear about it. We want to talk about

Kanye West  2:57:38
because being cancelled is fun, because we're showing you guys the extent that you can go right, because everything at this point that you do proves my point. Watch this. If I say DEF CON three, and then you canceled all of my deals. You proved exactly why I needed to go DEF CON. No, no,

Alex Jones  2:57:57
I agree with what you said. Let me stop here. Because Dave Chappelle,

Unknown Speaker  2:58:00
Alex Allaway. Let me channel my channel.

Dan  2:58:02
He has a channel, I'm telling you. Here's the problem with what you're saying. Yeah. Alex can't argue with this. No, absolutely. No, Alex believes that negative consequences is our equivalent to virtue. That's the point he says that whenever he's being attacked, it's because he's over the target. So if yeh says there's a negative consequences that come from these anti semitic things that I say that proves that I'm right about those things. Alex, that is a fundamental belief that Alex has about cause and effect. You got it. And so this is bad territory for Alex.

Jordan  2:58:35
Yeah, Alex is not going to, you know, I mean,

Dan  2:58:39
and also come off this shit about the I'm tired of hearing Wow.

Jordan  2:58:43
You're just you're just not going to win in a conversation with a bipolar person. It's just not gonna happen.

Dan  2:58:51
That's true. That's why I avoid you.

Jordan  2:58:54
If I'm manic, you just get it. I'll tell you, I'll tell you one. One trick to helping people who are experiencing a manic episode who is not going to be in any any books, you need to force them to eat as much food as they can possibly get. And then get them as high as they can possibly go. That's not going to be an above and it is going to it's going to work for a while. If you just keep doing it. And now that medication is not going to sedate you Don't try any other drugs, but the weed and the food that's the way you got to do it. It'll get you through a day at least I find

Dan  2:59:31
I don't know if it's just sort of a a function of your awareness or self work that you've done or whatever. But I find it with you just sort of calling things out. Is is helpful. Yeah, that's because you're aware of your own tendencies. Maybe that's not the case with someone like EA.

Jordan  2:59:54
I mean, you have You've never seen me go full manic episode. I've

Dan  2:59:58
never seen you go DEF CON Hi,

Jordan  3:00:00
I would not I would not name it that I'm a much happier, but no less a tornado of will shake you will fall towards

Dan  3:00:09
Yeah, yeah, I don't look forward to that ever happened it will, dedication. So this idea of the negative consequences being the same as virtue in Alex's world is being used by yeh in a way that I think is really dangerous.

Kanye West  3:00:26
If I say if I go on an interview, and I say, I love Hitler. And then they go and 5150 me and try to lobotomize me like we saw Harley Pasternak do or they put me in prison. It just proves what I'm saying. And it's going to spark the high schools, it's going to spark the grammar school is going to spark the colleges that say, enough is enough. It doesn't matter how on the spectrum you think I am, I have the right to speak out loud. That is our First Amendment. And it's a shame that you have to be considered to be on the spectrum to have enough courage to speak out loud. I do love my family, right? But I looked at every possible outcome. I practice Chinese water torture on myself, I would I would like skip along Malibu in front of my house and sing when the clear ends come to kill me. How is it going to be? What are they going to do to kill me? Wait a second net? And what do you have to say about this?

Dan  3:01:36
So the net aside, the perspective that he's putting out is, if I go out and I say this pro Hitler, anti semitic drivel, this nonsense. Alongside my anti semitic buddy, Nick Fuentes. Right, and Milo and forest Nazi Oh, and Benjamin Yes, yeah. If I put together this crew of Nazi losers, and I say all this really horrible stuff. And if I then I have consequences, it proves my argument was correct. And this will spark wave of anti semitism being proven and taken in by the youth. Yeah. And I don't know how accurate that is. But it wouldn't be a zero, let's say it will be 100% of the high schoolers become anti semitic. But it's also not 0% What he's describing would be a phenomenon in some, some percentage. And that's fucked up. Because there are just natural consequences to behaving like this, that have nothing to do with proving that your anti semitic arguments were correct. Now, but in Alex's conception of how the world works, he has no leg to stand on to be like, that's nonsense, man. Yeah, he kind of is forced to go along with it. Yeah,

Jordan  3:02:54
well, I mean, unfortunately, he's argued himself into a place where his arguments are all pointing towards Yeah, that's okay. Do whatever you want.

Dan  3:03:04
Well, to be fair, though, yay does not actually care that much about Hitler. Yeah, I didn't so that's great news. But unfortunately, this clip is really bad.

Kanye West  3:03:15
I don't really care that much about Hitler. I love them seems like you just do it as a way to like a troll. I seen as like a cool guy you know, it's like he you know, it's like he had a really cool outfit and stuff and he was a really good architect and

Alex Jones  3:03:27
so you're in love with the with the with the with the arc of the look of it.

Kanye West  3:03:32
And he didn't kill 6 million Jews that's just like factually incorrect as

Alex Jones  3:03:35
get the Ronald Reagan clip. They show me your strengths. I go ahead. Ronald Reagan said that too. Well, I think Hitler did target and kill some people. I think, you know,

Kanye West  3:03:42
I think overall strong take Palestinians.

Alex Jones  3:03:45
No, I hear you here. Here's where I think the frustration is. Nikki, you comment on this?

Kanye West  3:03:49
And Obama was not the first black president. He was another Jewish president. Who boy.

Dan  3:03:53
So we've got some Holocaust denial. Hitler was a cool dude, naturally, I don't care that much about Hitler, but also the Holocaust didn't happen.

Jordan  3:04:02
There is an issue there. Mm hmm.

Dan  3:04:05
I mean, I think this is the headline at very least, like, if you're going to cover this stuff, in the way that it has been on Twitter with like Kanye says that he loves Hitler, or whatever. Yeah, that's all good. And well, but like, he does deny the Holocaust very

Jordan  3:04:23
seriously. He denies the Holocaust, right? He does not believe the Holocaust happened. Therefore, he

Dan  3:04:29
it seems a bit more relevant than his Yeah, because it admittedly, there are elements of his I love Hitler stuff that is fucking around. Yeah, I believe that he means the things he's saying. Yeah, but there is the same dodge that so many of these people like Nick valentus do, where it's like, there's I'm joking. I'm joking around or like, I love Hitler, but I love everybody, right. We're gonna focus and talk a lot about how much I love him. Wow. But I love everybody. And I think that that's a little bit more slippery in some ways than him just straight up. He didn't kill 6 million

Jordan  3:05:10
Yeah, I think I think we've all known somebody in our lives who is who's had that like I'm an asshole Oh Hitler was actually great kind of kind of day or whatever it is. But if you deny the Holocaust that is not a anything that's you have read bullshit, and you think it's true. The end,

Dan  3:05:30
so Oh him comes in. And he discusses how this is culture jamming. That's what they're doing. So like the Holocaust. He might not have been listening for that part. Or at least he's probably going to pretend he wasn't right. It's smart not to listen to that. But well like the white lives matter shirt. That's culture jamming, because they took this thing that the left is doing and they're like, Haha, how do you like it when we here's

Jordan  3:05:50
a racist version of Ha ha, surprise, we proved why you made those shirts. And man, it's

Owen Shroyer  3:05:55
really just all free speech stuff. Yay, talks about wearing the white lives matter shirt. And really, this is what we're doing here today to its culture jamming. That's what we're doing. Oh, you can wear black lives matter shirt. But you can't wear white lives matter. We're ramming their own culture down their throat. And we're finding out that they don't like it. Same thing with this interview today. We believe in free speech, whether we agree with what each other are saying or not. We believe in their right to say it's

Alex Jones  3:06:20
an exercise of us showing we're here we have our own platform and the internet. Number one story hands down in the world right now is this broadcast because people want free speech. Great point, you should

Dan  3:06:30
be proud of yourself for getting a lot of attention for your bullshit. But oh in like two people at least involved in this don't believe in free speech. Ali wants blasphemy laws. And Nick has been very public about how little he cares about free speech is a tool by which he is able to push his agenda. Yeah. You don't care about free speech. Maybe you think you do. But you're sitting in a room with extremists who are using free speech as a way to create a Christian fascist state. And that's not the same thing.

Jordan  3:07:06
No, no. No.

Dan  3:07:09
So anyway, oh, and also it was like, Hey, man, this isn't about Nazis. And then yeah, he's like, yeah, it is.

Jordan  3:07:13
Yeah, of course it is. Yeah, that is what we are talking about. I am I mad on gays behalf now if I'm Yay, I'm like, legitimately guys. I love Nazis.

Dan  3:07:24
But But I think he's having fun poking all the times that they say like they try and cover for him. I think he enjoys that is true.

Owen Shroyer  3:07:33
Well, I would say I don't I don't think the story here with EA should be about anti semitism or Nazis or any of that. To me, the human interest story is

Unknown Speaker  3:07:43
they're fine.

Owen Shroyer  3:07:45
But But yeah, think about what you can do with your platform right now because they want to make that the issue. Most people say that world watching right now.

Jordan  3:07:57
You understand you bribed your audience to know what they mean. Yeah, they means what Kanye is saying, right? You are saying that Kanye is right in your attempt to be like, hey, Kanye, don't you think it's them? Yes, that's what he's saying.

Dan  3:08:12
Oh, I'm just doesn't get it. He has no conception of what he's a part of here. And a clip like that just illustrates it. He wants to cover his ass and reframe this interview in a way that non Nazis can see as acceptable. And yeah, he wants no part of that. He doesn't want to be sanitized. He doesn't want plausible deniability. He's doing what he's doing and people like Owen and Alex are just props to make that happen. Yep. Nick gets this ally even seems to know the score but Alex and Owen the people whose platform this is are the marks they want the message gays pushing to be pushed, they also just don't want their entire facade to be punctured. So they have to do this performative sanitisation and fake pushback because that's worked with every other time they've had to deal with bigot grifter. Yeah, they can remind them subtly to protect the business. But not today. Right. Also pro tip for the next right wing shithead who decides to interview gay in the future? Don't use the word they arrived mean.

Jordan  3:09:06
Really? What do you think is going to

Dan  3:09:08
happen? Yeah, you're going to get called out fucking Yeah,

Jordan  3:09:11
you're an idiot. You just agreed with him. He wins at your

Dan  3:09:15
favorite game.

Jordan  3:09:16
Can you believe they glow bar of intelligence here? Yeah, low bar. Because it makes Nick Fuentes look like a fucking genius. Yeah. And he is an idiot.

Dan  3:09:33
I struggle I struggle with exactly how to describe him. I don't think he's an idiot. But he's definitely he's far more savvy than any of these ding dongs right. Anyway, speaking of Ding Dongs, Tim Poole yeah know you took a risk didn't work out.

Jordan  3:09:55
You shot his shot. Yeah, you know, what are you gonna do?

Dan  3:09:58
Certainly probably got a lot of viewers definitely did look like an idiot. He is an idiot. And also here, congratulations on this, Tim.

Alex Jones  3:10:06
Why don't you think you were able to do three hours here? You just did three hours, three minutes, by the way, or no, no, no, you had done three hours, three minutes. Why were you able to stay here but not what Tim Poole

Kanye West  3:10:16
because Tim Poole got the call from those buoys 10 minutes before I got there, and said flag this and flag that also Tim Poole is the NPC you know, and you're a real real human being so no one's ever heard of Tim Poole. You know, you're the legend. That is Alex Jones, and you were fighting on the front line. And now we're here which you got some other superheroes as part of the Avengers movie fighting for Christ and free speech.

Dan  3:10:39
Congratulations to him.

Jordan  3:10:41
He did good. That's, it's fun. It's fun for them because I bet that hurt Tim Poole's feelings, and I would love for you to say that nobody's ever heard of us. That'd be fucking fantastic. I would have a field day with that.

Dan  3:10:53
You just get the idea that hey, would ever have thought that?

Jordan  3:10:59
It is hilarious.

Dan  3:11:00
Yeah, in the same way that like hearing norm say that they couldn't get someone to be the corporate representative because of us. Yeah, that is bizarre and surreal. reject the idea that gay would ever have fought the name Jordan Hall. Yeah, yeah, is unthinkable but like Tim Poole, like this has got to sting. That's really got to hurt.

Jordan  3:11:23
Yep. That's gotta hurt. That's gotta hurt so bad. Right? And

Dan  3:11:28
PC. No one's ever heard of you. Oh, man.

Jordan  3:11:31
Hey, the guy who came up with net? And yeah, who are you? Who is pretty good. He devastated you. That's sad. Yeah.

Dan  3:11:41
And not only came up with that, and it's a run.

Jordan  3:11:46
He's kept going. He's done the voice and he hasn't broken once which I think we should respect on that front. I don't Well, fair enough.

Dan  3:11:53
So yeah, he has a policy and that is that no black people should ever criticize him.

Alex Jones  3:11:59
What do you what Dave early was like

Unknown Speaker  3:12:02
to you? What do you have to say about Cory Smith's go to real quick 10

Alex Jones  3:12:05
years ago? He was like there's a mafia that came in so what I got to do he ran off to Africa now he's kind of come back that he fell out

Kanye West  3:12:13
he didn't sell he yeah he sold out a little bit because because he denounce the king you know, I'm saying he denounced me I'm the one fighting on the frontline and no black person has to say nothing bad about me and public unless they have puppet period I put my life on the line and then afterwards talk about if anything happens to me everyone has to move Oh, he was the greatest he was the greatest ever shut up. And I shut up go home to you scared little bends and you're scared little town home. Movie contracts and shut up Don't talk to me about nothing.

Dan  3:12:49
There's these moments of hostility that come out.

Jordan  3:12:52
George Bush doesn't care about black people. And I am fucking here for it. Let's go. Oh,

Dan  3:12:59
I did see a tweet. That was really fun. It was like George W. Bush should come out and say Kanye doesn't

Jordan  3:13:05
that's exactly what should happen. We we've done a complete upside down

Dan  3:13:08
to get Michael Myers.

Jordan  3:13:10
Exactly. Redo me God dammit. Whoever's working on SNL. We finally given you your first good bit.

Dan  3:13:19
I am I apologize that I don't remember whose tweet that was. I don't want to rip somebody off. Yeah, it was really funny. That is very funny. So I don't even know how to respond to this other than please, Alex has something to say that is just ridiculous.

Alex Jones  3:13:37
Hello, I want to say the future. We're very close with some folks to actually having a bank it's funny you bring that up a bank and internet processing for Patriots. That's the future is not trying to fix Twitter or fix any of it building our own system.

Dan  3:13:49
Yeah. Would you like to bank with bank systems is in bankruptcy. Just this morning as we're recording this Alex declare bankruptcy personal personally.

Jordan  3:14:00
Ooh,

Dan  3:14:01
good news facing a billion dollar plus judgment in his Sandy Hook cases and there are more to go. I don't know if I would get involved. Also, shouldn't he be against like the FDIC? Like there's a lot of reasons I wouldn't bank now.

Jordan  3:14:19
I'm not gonna do like a bank bank. I'm gonna do more like an FTX thing. You know, where it's like, I steal everybody's money on a lie.

Dan  3:14:25
I'm gonna do a bank but we're only going to work with hard currency. And I'll keep your deposits in a hole in my backyard. It's gonna sick. Oh, right.

Jordan  3:14:34
I am going to steal your money. I

Dan  3:14:36
can't imagine anything less trustworthy. I would sooner get involved with Alex's like when he had a dating site. Yeah.

Jordan  3:14:45
Way, way safer. It's safer. At least you probably might meet a human so

Dan  3:14:50
Alex has had a day. You know, sometimes you come to the office and you think I'm gonna cruise through this work day chair. I gotta high energy He guest coming in cold days. I don't have to do any kind of prep. I'm not doing any any real work. I'm just sitting here talking to talking to yay and Nick. Yeah,

Jordan  3:15:09
it's like my job except for not Yeah, it's gonna be

Dan  3:15:11
almost like, a half day at school. Right? And unfortunately, you show up and then it's like, oh, no, it's all homework.

Jordan  3:15:18
Yeah, this isn't gonna play as a movie. We are getting quizzes. We're getting bullshit. And the

Dan  3:15:25
substitute teachers gonna say fucked up things that I'm happy

Jordan  3:15:29
to call the principal or something. I'm nine.

Dan  3:15:32
Yeah, there you are telling me about. So anyway, Alex has had quite a day. And he decides he wants to end the show by making one thing explicitly clear right to yay. And that is that Hitler is not cool. He's not a good dude. It shouldn't be hard. And I mean, how would you I mean, he would respond to that probably with like, you bet. You got it, sir. Nailed it. Not only that, I think he's probably worse than you think. You know what, in fact, you and I might disagree on how worse he is historical villain bad dude. That dude. Yeah, he has another approach. He decides. You know how I denied the Holocaust earlier. I'm gonna do it again. Oh, I'm gonna do it again. Fun.

Jordan  3:16:10
I wouldn't do that.

Alex Jones  3:16:11
Let me just say this in closing. I don't want to study I think Hitler was a really bad guy. And I'll repeat it when Hitler did understand that the British intelligence set him up and use them. I like Hitler. I don't like Hitler. I know. You're trying to be shocking to that.

Kanye West  3:16:23
I'm not trying to be shocking. I liked him. I do not I the Holocaust is not what happened. Let's look at the facts of that. And Hitler has a lot of redeeming qualities tell

Alex Jones  3:16:33
us you think we losing Hitler was the good guy and World War Two.

Kanye West  3:16:38
I think God says man should not kill we should not have wars period.

Dan  3:16:44
Okay, so you're trapped. Didn't work there either. Nope. You have allowed this gentleman to say horrific things and now deny the Holocaust twice. Yep.

Jordan  3:16:55
Three more times. It won't be as good as Peter.

Dan  3:16:58
So Alex is like, Hey, man, I gotta tell you that the Holocaust happened.

Jordan  3:17:04
I mean, listen, I'll tell you this. I have not done that much. Risha research into World War Two. I'm not yet 40. I mean, all old white men past the age of 40 eventually have a world war two phase. I got a couple of years. Yeah, you You're almost there. Yep. But yeah, I didn't need a lot of research. I can tell you confidently with 100% certainty. Hitler's bad, dude,

Dan  3:17:27
Hitler is bad, dude. He's a bad dude. But Alex, I do think that this is one thing I will say, too. It's not to his credit, but it is like this is pushing back a little bit. Yeah, I think he does realize that like, I maybe didn't catch it the first time. But now that he's denied the Holocaust again, I do have to make very clear that I believe the Holocaust.

Jordan  3:17:48
Even Alex Jones has to be like the Holocaust did to

Dan  3:17:52
happen. Yeah, there is a line apparently. And here's where,

Jordan  3:17:55
because I feel like that's,

Kanye West  3:17:57
I feel like I love everyone accordingly. From all the way from the Balenciaga to the Hitler's let me tell you a story. I hold on to ARIA manuelle. To Jamie Dimon to the people who

Alex Jones  3:18:11
are saying, Amber Alert. Here's what I'm saying, Wow, grandfather would never tell World War Two stories. And if he died, we read over stuff. And he never even told my dad all the stuff he did and everything. But it was all in their letters. commendations. He told me, he said kid, I was like eight years

Kanye West  3:18:25
old. Amber Alerts is when my ex girlfriend Amber was doing something in the streets. I got to the point that I was

Alex Jones  3:18:30
like, No, the point was, and I was like, tell me World War Two storytelling, World War two story. They said, Okay, well, we came in out of Africa. We came into Italy. He was there three years. He said by the time they got to Germany, they went into this death camp. And there were piles of dead bodies. 100 feet tall blackbirds, eat people's eyeballs out. All I'm telling you is is that just because you hate the globalist what they're doing? I get it. Klaus Schwab's I am Father. I don't hate the Nazi i There's Nazis above the ADL. Yeah, but

Kanye West  3:18:56
Nazis are like kind of cool.

Dan  3:18:58
This is just it's not gonna work. Whatever you're doing is not going to work. But I do. I do appreciate Alex at least being like the Holocaust did happen.

Jordan  3:19:08
The Holocaust happened. Yeah, the Holocaust happened. And it was bad. And I'm gonna throw this out there. I don't care what God you believe in. It is okay to hate the Nazis. In fact, I would say it's maybe in a moral imperative to hate the now

Dan  3:19:21
whatever group you are mad at or hate does not justify you denying the Holocaust. So at least Alex's there. And I also think that maybe on some level that is a strategic calculation on his part because he's like, I will be straight up

Jordan  3:19:38
yeah, there's there's one thing that I have to do. And that is remember that the US was the good guy in World War Two and that's all I gotta do. And quite

Dan  3:19:48
frankly, my my brand won't survive. If I put up with Holocaust denial. explicitly.

Jordan  3:19:53
There's too many old conservatives who are still like, listen, World War Two is legitimately the only thing we can hang our hat on honestly,

Dan  3:20:01
well and old. Those types who are in Alex's audience that are the people who buy his dump. Yeah, no, that's what I'm saying. Yeah, that's what I'm describing. So Alex is he's trying to be like you're being edgy and all this structure. Yeah. And Ally comes in and shuts Alex the fuck down. God damn. Listen at the end of this clip. Alex is just completely dejected. I'm like, fuck, I got nothing.

Alex Jones  3:20:29
You have any comments on Hitler?

Ali Alexander  3:20:31
I agree who say he hated gay didn't say he hated anybody. Why isn't anybody listening to him? He said, I love this. We are a man trying to take away my children. I love this person.

Alex Jones  3:20:41
He never said I don't think we listen. I'm just getting a totally clear. But I think Stalin same thing. You

Ali Alexander  3:20:46
did the same thing on Stalin is horrible.

Alex Jones  3:20:48
Hitler was horrible. Mao was

Kanye West  3:20:50
horrible. No, no. I love all of those. You

Alex Jones  3:20:53
love Mao Zedong. Absolutely. My role clear. Right? Christ like you love everybody. Yeah, matter. You love Jim Jones. You love Jeffrey Dahmer?

Unknown Speaker  3:21:03
absolutely everywhere.

Alex Jones  3:21:04
Well, let's clarify.

Ali Alexander  3:21:06
But he didn't need clarification because he said, I'm starting with the Bible. He's ending with the Bible. And that's what but they did it to you, Alex, because you had a guy who came here, you're like, I'll be saying, I'll be the evil guy. I did Sandy Hook. Remember you did the same thing that he's doing right now.

Alex Jones  3:21:20
All right. Absolutely. Yeah, we appreciate. Absolutely.

Dan  3:21:25
Well, I mean, that's not really what he's doing. But if Alex believes that's what he's doing, or if that is the kind of last refuge that Alex has to try and contextualize this interview in a way that like is palatable to people. Ali has just been just been like, boom, yep, door slam.

Jordan  3:21:47
And let's not forget, but Nick puentes. Originally, he said, I agree with yeh, and then his head went back underneath the table in in, yeas lap, so I don't know. Enough of that. I'm sorry. I'm sick of his shit.

Dan  3:22:02
I understand but enough of the nonstop sucking off.

Jordan  3:22:06
He wants to suck Kanye off enough of that. All right. He's the one second him off.

Dan  3:22:12
So yay. Once again, complaints about the Jewish media. Because Alex was trying to sort of coast to closing statement but apparently what you really want to leave things on is that gay wants to fuck ARIA manuals white. Yeah, that sounds

Jordan  3:22:30
right. Love everybody. You

Alex Jones  3:22:31
don't judge them. It's God the Judge. I agree with that statement. And we got to change ourselves and stop pointing our fingers at somebody else.

Kanye West  3:22:37
Exactly. And it's to say, Hey, I'm gonna show you how much Jewish media can't tell me what to say. You'd like that already. And I'm telling you, we could get a nice private room. Meeting your wife can go in and work on the clothesline. I'm really good at it and it will be super Christian. Hey, wrong. It's okay.

Alex Jones  3:22:57
You got to thank for his wife.

Kanye West  3:22:58
Absolutely not. I wouldn't sounds like his wife for a second, but I do sounds like his clothing line. Could use some creative improvement.

Alex Jones  3:23:08
All right. infowars.com. tomorrow's news today, Nick.

Dan  3:23:11
tomorrow's news today is apparently ARIA manuals wife's clothing line isn't

Jordan  3:23:14
up to snuff that good? Yeah, not that good.

Dan  3:23:18
I do. I do appreciate that. Alex is at least sort of observant enough to notice that he keeps talking.

Jordan  3:23:26
Getting kind of weird there, man. I have a fraught relationship with women myself. But God damn.

Dan  3:23:34
I'm shocked Alex didn't pick up on the Hey, you got a problem with porn? That was just as transparent. Yep. So as he leaves Alex does not seem incredibly happy. No.

Alex Jones  3:23:51
All right. Hey, I appreciate you coming in. I appreciate the First Amendment and love he's not taking the mask off. Yeah, it was not here. Incredible person there. Wilbert Johnson was the impersonator Wilbert. net net and was here though, actually, Benjamin Netanyahu play Kanye West today. Amen. Hey, guys here the Justice UI broke. Finally, bro right back and talk to oh, oh, and

Unknown Speaker  3:24:15
get in here. Do the last hour with Netanyahu.

Alex Jones  3:24:17
All right. This has been incredible. Folks. freeshipping.

Dan  3:24:25
Play the Justin Trudeau thing. Oh, and get in here. This has been incredibly incredible. It's been incredible. So when yeh leaves, there's still the fourth hour a bit of the fourth hour and then the War Room. And Alex says they're going to take three hours of calls. There's going to get everybody's opinion on this this interview. They're going to get down to it. Talk about free speech. And then Alex spends the rest of his show. Just sort of navel gazing about how many viewers they share. Yeah, and begging them to To tell their friends about the shows, oh, we have 25 million people watching. If all of you told your friends think about the weekend make a real change. That's all of it. He doesn't take any calls on his show. And then so he's they're hosting the War Room with Owen at the beginning. And it's just a desperate attempt to rewrite what happened. Yeah. And

Jordan  3:25:22
it makes sense that he would spend the rest of his show like navel gazing because that's the only way he has to get back some of his bride. You know, it's been so ripped away from him that now he's like bombing himself by saying it was all worth it because of all these views. Well, and

Dan  3:25:37
and not only that, he's a I'm gonna play just a couple of clips of this. Like, now that yay is gone. He is able to rewrite what he said without you saying no, I like not.

Alex Jones  3:25:52
He didn't he was being tongue in cheek. I'm not even apologizing for him. I get the shock value. I'm saying. He goes I love the Zionist I love Stalin. I love mouse a ton. I love them all. So it's all over the place, ladies and gentlemen, and it's gone super mega viral number one story in the world right now. Is this info wars.com. tomorrow's news today. Now here's the problem with having 76 77 million people so far tuned in today, throw me three or 4 million. This will cost me hundreds 1000s. dollars today. We have great bandwidth deals. But when you've got not as people said audio, but you've got 3040 50 million people in just the last couple hours tuned in that cost some serious dead narrow

Dan  3:26:44
tickets to an ad pivot. Yeah. And here is another attempt to just recontextualize what Jay was saying,

Owen Shroyer  3:26:52
Yeah, but you know what you did do today. Alex, was you let Jay speak, you had the most successful podcast live stream with you as the guest. He didn't like any of the other interviews he did. He walked out of some of them, obviously, like you mentioned with Tim Poole. And so I think again, today, you are the champion of free speech, you put your neck out there with knowing the risks, knowing what was probably going to be said, and you did it. And you did it. And it got the most views on a live stream ever on the internet in the most banned studio in the world. So that's, that's, that's the real story that I take away is that free speech, it might be under serious attack, but it's not dead. The people still want it, they still want to hear controvert the

Alex Jones  3:27:32
whole point is if they're promoting pedophilia, if a black dude wants to love Hitler letting I mean he obviously wasn't doing it he was doing it as a shock value, but they're gonna lie now even said that was shock value, they're gonna deny the Holocaust men are the ones doing that. He denied

Dan  3:27:44
the Holocaust multiple times. And he specifically said, This is not for shock value. I am not trolling any of this stuff. Alex, when he tried to use these excuses for what gay was saying, while he was there, he said no. And he said, Not only that, I love Hitler. Nazis are great. Yeah, Holocaust didn't happen. Yeah. Now that he's gone, Alex can do this. It's the same thing with Tim Poole. Tim would not stand up and assert his position or say, Hey, I don't think this is cool until the minute yay, left. This is all just really pathetic attempts at saving face reclaiming something rewriting the narrative in a way that works for you because this person didn't play along with the way that you were going yet as to what Oh, and saying, like, Oh, congratulations, you did three hours with an anti Semite when Tim Poole only lasted 20 minutes. That is not the compliment you think

Jordan  3:28:41
it is? I was I listened to that. And I was like, he does not understand that essentially what he just said is, it is worth it to us to broadcast Holocaust denial and hate because we got money.

Dan  3:28:56
Yeah. Or hypothetical money.

Jordan  3:28:57
Yeah, exactly. We don't even know if we got it. Yes, Michael

Dan  3:29:00
might have has been watching us for free and it might have bankrupt they might have

Jordan  3:29:03
cost us more to have this interview than we make from this interview. Yeah.

Dan  3:29:08
I was listening to the war room. And I noticed this on the Info Wars feed. It wasn't on the feed. This was on the video that they posted of the War Room. I thought this was weird.

Alex Jones  3:29:21
I mean, don't we all know that? Like we listen to Jimi Hendrix, not because he's black. He's an incredible musician. Like he just you can hear that music and say that's

Owen Shroyer  3:29:29
breaking from Hollywood, breaking from the mainstream.

Dan  3:29:33
Definitely something cut out there. And so I was thinking like, well, that's gonna be something really fucking offensive if all the other things are still. I mean,

Jordan  3:29:41
yeah, if that is out of if anything is cut out of this interview, fuck me.

Dan  3:29:46
Well, here's the thing. I found the actual raw video this and it's really just them talking about China and how they want China to be free. It's not offensive at all. It's about six minutes. have extraneous conversation about liberty for the Chinese people. But then there's this and I think it might have been why it was cut out.

Alex Jones  3:30:10
And I've got a, I got a big crisis here, I want you to host for five minutes. We, we we've maxed out money, and I've got to go somewhere find money to pay for the bandwidth. And this is not a joke, folks, when you got 3040 50 million extra people watching videos, the bills are in the hundreds of 1000s of dollars a day. And so we've been told I gotta go deal with the bill just even stay on it right now. That's how close this all is. Please go to infowar store.com get vitamin fusion your body's ultimate formula.

Dan  3:30:42
So Alex leaves and he doesn't come back. Wow, he was gonna take calls for hours and it's just open. It's boring as hell I don't care and then he interviews Jesse Lee Peterson and I think that maybe they cut that out because it looks really weak and you don't want that in the the final product. And the next morning Alex declare bankruptcy. Yeah, so maybe that is more real than it usually appears when sales pitches Yeah, like no, they straight up got hit like with serious expenses because of the increased bandwidth cost. And if there is some silver lining to this possibly, it may be that indirectly or directly, platforming Yeah, is bullshit. anti semitism and Holocaust denial could have bankrupted Alex, it could have led to his bankruptcy.

Jordan  3:31:39
Yeah, yeah. I mean, it's it is funny that he you've got bankrupted because yeh did something that he previously decried, which was breaking the internet appears that he's hoisted upon his own petard. There is a little bit of irony. Irony abounds in this whole fucking thing.

Dan  3:32:00
So I don't particularly care about Owens, rambling, nonsense defenses of what has happened on the show. So we're not going to spend more time diving into that. But the words almost fail. You know, when when trying to look at what what has happened? Yeah, there's a lot of missing the forest for the trees in terms of just boiling this down to yay loves Hitler, or yay, likes Nazis. Yeah. Because, I mean, that certainly is a piece of it. But there's so much more going on. They all funnels into that. Yeah, you know, it's not like there are a ton of different things that are happening. There are a bunch of different things that are all rooted back to this anti semitic ideology, and the clear influences of the people like Milo, Nick, Owen, Benjamin Ali, that are around him, you know, these these, the obsession with pornography and the evils of it very clearly is just a side road of his anti semitic ideas. Yeah, this is it's troubling. I mean, I was in the shower earlier, and I was thinking,

Jordan  3:33:16
weeping. Why did I choose to do this? Why is Jordan, my friend, all of these things? Yeah.

Dan  3:33:22
No, I mean, look, I'm a bit sleep deprived. So some of those thoughts may come later. But I was, I had a feeling of like, this is the worst episode of Infowars I've ever heard. Yeah. And I don't know if I can confidently say that, because he said, there have been a lot of really bad episodes. The Anders Brevik. One sticks out to me. And I don't know how much of that was just because it was, you know, traumatic for me to cover that episode. And, you know, the research into it was really horrible. Yeah. But in terms of like, a presentation of something, you know, he's had Richard Spencer on, he's had David Duke on, those weren't really as bad as this in terms of the incompetence of the pushback. Intentional or otherwise ineffectual. Ness. Yeah. The danger of it in terms of what like what it could be. I feel like it's worse than David Duke. In as much as like David Duke is not cool. Kids don't like to do share. You know, there is a unwise ness of debating David Duke when you're definitely not ready to and you don't really disagree with that. I was gonna say, yeah, that seems dumb, and maybe not the best idea. Yay, is cool, still to a lot of people. And also, he has something that David Duke doesn't have, which is people like Nick Fuentes and Owen, Benjamin and Milo. And I think that presents a unique set of circumstances that are worse. I don't know. I mean, again, I need to sleep on it. Yeah. and reflect. But this is up there as one of the worst episodes of his show that I've heard. Ah, I mean, it's very rare that you actually get someone denying the Holocaust on him for Yeah, yeah, that is something that is it puts it in the category. All right. So

Jordan  3:35:19
right, right. I mean, my my thoughts as I come to the end of this horrific whatever this was, is that

Dan  3:35:30
you slept last. Yeah, exactly. You're Yeah,

Jordan  3:35:33
I'm writing. Yeah. I mean, the Anders Brevik is far more disgusting to me than this because this is a funhouse mirror version of reality. And it's, it's bonkers. I mean, the Anders Breivik shit is so fucked. And the way that he dealt

Dan  3:35:56
with that killed a lot of people. Well, I

Jordan  3:35:58
mean, yes, but we're also talking about the fucking holocaust. You know, he's, yeah, he's denying the Holocaust. No, like that. He

Dan  3:36:04
didn't do the Holocaust. That is true. Anders Brevik. Did murder a bunch of people that is and that adds, I mean, not to say that these issues and you know, anti semitic violence doesn't still continue to this day, right. But Kanye personally or yay, personally, right? It doesn't have that. But it gets Anders Breivik wasn't on the show. Yeah. So maybe that is maybe maybe your point is irrelevant, I'm sure.

Jordan  3:36:30
I mean, it's a to me. It there. Here's the number here's the my problem. Because we can argue what the worst is, or the definition of the worst, you know, that may not ever come to answer, I can happen all day. My problem with this is that the one way that almost everybody is going to engage with this is the most damaging way to engage with it. To me, the only possible way you can engage with this exactly is if you watch the entire video, or if you listen to our show, because this is a totality. Yeah. And any any, any attempt to shrink it down is damaging. Well, yeah, it's more harmful than his interview climate. I mean, it clips

Dan  3:37:16
do a disservice and taking things outside of like you're saying of the totality of what this is this conversation the way the way it goes. I agree. I agree with you. And I think also to double down on that, getting lost in the weeds of the the user reality and clear sort of clownish ness of it with the the Netanyahu stuff. And right and all that getting lost in that and thinking, Oh, this is such an absurdity. Who would ever take this seriously, is working towards the interest of what the the propaganda is meant? Or how it's meant to be dismissed by people who would take it seriously otherwise? Yeah, and

Jordan  3:37:59
every one of the people in this in this interview, a you're not going to get enough context about them through whatever it is that you're reading, whatever tweets you're getting any of it even if you read everything that all the newspapers and blogs and all that shit, and all the tweets, you do not know enough about Nick Fuentes, you do not know enough about Alec Alexander, you do not have the context necessary to understand what is going on here. And you definitely don't have any idea how to engage with what yeh is doing right now. And everyone will be done a disservice because of all of the people that are not named Kanye or Alex.

Dan  3:38:39
Yeah, probably. And that sucks. Really fucking sucks. A lot of things a lot of things were were taken on this episode. My my sleep was deprived from the audience was deprived another deposition episode that was gonna be it's gonna be so good. Yeah. Hey, guys. Great. Everybody out there.

Jordan  3:39:01
Hey, I bet you wish you didn't have so much fucking yay in your life. Now, don't chop.

Dan  3:39:05
I could use a little less. Yeah, me too. And hopefully we'll have some less in the future. Never again, hopefully. Until till we come back and have another episode Jordan. We have a website.

Jordan  3:39:14
Website. It's knowledge. fight.com. Yep. We are also on Twitter. We are on Twitter. It's at knowledge underscore fight.

Dan  3:39:19
Yeah, we'll be back. Till then I'm Neo familia de ZX Clark. I don't want to do a dumb bit. We're tired. Yeah. And now here comes the sex robots.

Alex Jones  3:39:27
Andy in Kansas. You're on the air. Thanks for holding. Alex, I'm a first time caller. I'm a huge fan. I love your work.
