Alex Jones  00:04
Red Alert. Red alert. Red alert. Red alert. Red alert. Knowledge Damn, Jordan wedding knowledge party.com It's time to pray. I have great respect for knowledge like knowledge. I'm sick of them posing as if they're the good guys. Shang chi or the bad guy knowledge. Dan and Jordan knowledge fight need need money Andy and Sandy are stopping Andy and Ken handy in Kansas. Bray Andy in Kansas, you're on the air. With huge fan I love your word. Knowledge by now knowledge fight.com

Dan  00:59
Hey everybody, welcome back.

Jordan  01:01
I'm jarred workable dudes

Dan  01:02
like to sit around worship at the altar of Slean and talk a little bit about Alex Jones. Oh,

Jordan  01:07
indeed we are Dan Jordan tempter daily question for you. It's up which bright spot today buddy?

Dan  01:11
My bright spot today Jordan is that you know, I'm a pretty even keel type of fella. You are monotonous. Some might say monotone I mean, you you keep it level. Yes. Yeah. And so I decided for fun. I'm gonna get hype. I'm gonna force I'm gonna force getting hype about something. Right? That is that. Firefighters do my job. No. Fire Emblem gauge is coming out in January. Right so I'm going to artificially be fuckin pumped.

Jordan  01:49
Are you pumped? Up? I'm kind of excited to.

Dan  01:53
I'm excited to play it. It looks really fun. But I'm gonna I'm gonna overdo it probably. Just as a sort of as a bit but then also as an exercise. See if like maybe maybe hype works on me.

Jordan  02:05
Right? Right. Maybe you were the skin of somebody with hype right? Maybe? Like all this feels right. Exactly. Yeah,

Dan  02:11
I gotcha. Gotcha. But yeah, it looks it looks good. Yeah. The only thing that I'm worried about is it takes away what I loved so much about three houses, which was the it's in a school.

Jordan  02:21
Yeah. Is Where is it? I don't know. Ah, well, that does. That makes things a little bit more challenging.

Dan  02:27
Well, maybe it isn't a school now that I say this out loud. I have no idea. I just saw a tiny little video. Yeah, that sounds about right. Anyway, turn based RPG fun. Hi. Hi.

Jordan  02:39
Yeah, you you just you just went from being hype all the way down to you back to level again. I know. It's tough. It is tough.

Dan  02:47
I don't have the energy for this. What's your brightspot

Jordan  02:50
my bright spot is I saw my wife and I saw Guillermo del Toro's Pinocchio absolutely stellar. Really, really good like the movies good but the stop motion animation is the best thing I've there's this there's this Can you

Dan  03:06
can you tell me what the movie is? Again? Really quick. Pinocchio. Okay. Yeah, that's what I thought you said. Yeah. I I got distracted because I saw the date and I thought it was a palindrome but then I realized that was last year, when 1221 One would have been right 22 I got distracted. Did he fucking say Pinocchio? I had to clarify.

Jordan  03:27
All right. All right. Sorry. Sorry. I'm not as interesting as possible palindromes.

Dan  03:33
Just distractible. I'm as distractible as I am.

Jordan  03:36
Fair enough. No, this stat budget, there's this one scene with stop motion animation, where there's this Floating Balloon, this slightly Floating Balloon the type that you know where the string is just barely touching. And it's a little bit above that. Yeah. And it's, it's so it's incredible. It's mindblowingly good. Is it? Super dark? No, I mean, he it's the original Pinocchio. Do you remember that

Dan  04:03
darker, darker shit? Yeah,

Jordan  04:05
he turns into a donkey gets eaten by a fucking thing.

Dan  04:08
I don't remember all the details, but I remember it being darker than the Disney version. Yeah, yeah.

Jordan  04:13
So So yeah, it's a little bit like that. But with Guillermo del Toro monster so it seems a lot darker than it really is just because his monster design so you know, if it was me as Aki monsters you'd be like, Oh, this is a fun kid story with a lot of dark elements.

Dan  04:28
But then we drifted a little closer to HR Gieger. Exactly.

Jordan  04:31
And then you're in the Hall of Uncanny Valley. Oh, shit. Yep.

Dan  04:35
So Jordan, today we have an episode to do. We're going to be going back to the past to 2003 one we're gonna be talking about December 5 2003. And the reason for this is we've been covering a lot of stuff lately. That's been the a business. Yes. Alex's response to it does a bit of wind tests. And so I think this stuff is really important to discuss and important to cover Okay, and we're not going to not continue to, nor are we going to not follow Alex in the present in such of course, but we I think you run the risk of if we only talk about that stuff. Yeah, it gives a overwhelming perception of maybe how uniform it is, you know what I mean? Like, if if our show is all that right, I worry about the listeners taking in too much of that and like giving the sense that we think that everything all around is white supremacist and Nazis. Jumping off, I need a little break from time to time, right. A little break. He has something break. Yes. And I think the past is great.

Jordan  05:47
respite, yes, absolutely. And the present sucks.

Dan  05:50
True. And you're not really learning anything. In the present generally. It's kind of watching stuff and being like, Oh, this is bad. Whereas when you go back to the past, there's actually like, illuminating things. There's stories that are interesting, that have implications should learn things about the way Alex, his brand has evolved over the years naturally. And I think that that is something that I find far more captivating than him failing to interview a couple of guys who love Yeah,

Jordan  06:21
yeah, no, I mean, what's interesting about the past is that when you can look at something and then see what consequences did occur. There's a lot more interesting stuff to be learned from that because you have actual evidence of what will happen if you do this thing in this circumstance. Whereas if you stay in the present all too often, I mean, it does feel like we're constantly within the same framework and minor details are changing. You know, Nick Fuentes hasn't said something new. We haven't heard about white supremacist before,

Dan  06:51
you know, get tunnel vision stay present a little bit too. Yes. Maybe a better way to express what I'm I don't want to you know, play into

Jordan  07:03
listen to knowledge fight, you're not going to be put in a tunnel. That's our new catchphrase. Avoid tunnel no tunnels.

Dan  07:10
So we'll get down to business on this. Before we do Jordan. Let's say Luke just knew Oh, that's a great idea. So first, Nick, be in Austin. You are now a policy wonk.

Alex Jones  07:19
I'm a policy wonk.

Jordan  07:20
Thank you very much.

Dan  07:21
Nick didn't get buttons last time. Apparently sent an email. Nick, there's some coming out for you. And your partner. Sorry about that. Yeah. Next Honky Tonk. Donde doc, thank you so much. You're now policy Wong.

Alex Jones  07:33
I'm a policy wonk.

Dan  07:34
Thank you very much. I had a number of people email me about that about a missed opportunity. I feel like Honky Tonk but donde walk is better.

Jordan  07:42
That's I mean, I, you know what? I'm gonna set this one up your

Dan  07:49
song Honky Tonk? badonkadonk.

Jordan  07:51
I have heard the song. Well, that's why I want to stay away from this because my disdain for all of it. It's so great. It

Dan  07:59
was a big hit at the karaoke bars back when I was going to those ones on the outskirts of town. Oh, I

Jordan  08:05
recall, there was a time where someone made me line dance. Oh, yeah.

Dan  08:09
Next, That awkward moment when you realize your name reminds Jordan of Richard Spencer, thank you so much. You are now policy walk.

Alex Jones  08:15
I'm a policy wonk.

Dan  08:16
Thank you very much. Next, I just got accepted into paramedic school. So what better time to become a policy wonk, thank you so much. You are now policy walk.

Alex Jones  08:23
I'm a policy wonk. Thank

Jordan  08:24
you very much. Thank you. And

Dan  08:25
Brandon says Emily is a policy wonk. And I love her. Thank you so much. You are now policy walk. I'm a policy wonk.

Jordan  08:31
Thank you very much.

Dan  08:32
That was Brandon saying that he loves Emily right right now. I don't know. Emily. You

Jordan  08:35
have not met Emma.

Dan  08:37
I don't know. Emily.

Jordan  08:37
You don't know Emily. So there's no, you don't dislike Emily? No, no, no.

Dan  08:42
Complete indifferent. Any accusations are unfounded? Absolutely. We'll have none of that accepted. And finally we got to technocrat. So Happy Winter Solstice. Mikayla, thank you so much. You're now a technocrat.

Alex Jones  08:56
I'm a policy wonk. Telling you brilliant someone someone sodomized, sent me a bucket of poop daddy sharp. Jar Jar Binks has a Caribbean black action. He's a loser. Little little teeny baby. I don't want to hate black people. I renounced Jesus Christ

Dan  09:16
that is on my chest.

Jordan  09:17
Thank you very much.

Dan  09:18
So we come back into December 2003. Right. We are still in advance of Saddam being found Right. Which again is what we're what we're heading towards. Yeah. In the in this chronology. We're heading towards that. Trying to see how Alex reacts his coverage in the lead up to it as well. As we know he believes that Saddam is still alive, which is accurate. True, but he believes that he has fled the country is in Belarus with a bunch of stolen gold and his his sons who are actually dead. It's going

Jordan  09:50
to be weird to explain how Saddam went from comfort in Belarus to the central cold. Yeah, a hole in the ground.

Dan  09:59
Yeah. It will be tough, but Alex is up for the challenge, I'm sure. Okay, so we started here and Alex has a little bit of a different take on some geopolitical figures back in 2003. Is

Alex Jones  10:09
this Putin Dodgems die in Russian train blast? Putin has been caught doing it in the past. He's our number one suspect.

Dan  10:16
Oh boy,

Jordan  10:17
Jesus man, Depp. So

Dan  10:18
in 2003. Alex is very much a Putin did the bombings as a false flag pretexts. Yeah, in order to fight the Chechens. Yeah. And so that is completely different now.

Jordan  10:32
Yeah, I think I think one thing I like about having consistent principles is that I haven't had to change my opinion on Putin ever. Not one time have I thought, well, maybe Nope. 100% Anti Putin from the jump.

Dan  10:45
I've had some misgivings about him. Yeah. I will say that it may be in 2000 tweets. 2003 I'm pretty sure I was. I think it was 19. So there's no reason for me to have gone on the record.

Jordan  10:59
Sure. Sure. I don't know you're writing a little column. Maybe maybe a big bro. Putin

Dan  11:06
day did not. Okay. So, there's another story, Alex, you know, when we're in the past, yeah, one of the things that Alex does is he has like the roundup of the stories, and then a loadable shit for about two and a half hours. And then the last segment of the show is him repeating those headlines redoing the roundup news. Yeah, hit the news, banging it out. And so here's some of the stories that we're gonna he has here's, here's a big one.

Alex Jones  11:31
Also, when I saw this Toronto Star article, headline girl six locked in dryer for weeks at a time, I knew automatically it would be CPS. The way the headline was written, I knew that they would call it the mother and then bury in the article that it was si PS because about 90% of the time when I hear about someone being tortured or killed in their parents custody. The bottom of the article, they will say that it was a foster parent or CPS.

Dan  12:01
I spent quite a bit of time trying to track this story down but I was unable to find the actual news story that was covering this case. But right off the bat, it can't be the CPS because this is a story that happened in Canada where the US child protective service doesn't have any jurisdiction have extradition now, okay, the Toronto Star article itself isn't online anymore, and the wayback machine doesn't have a snapshot of it. But cruising around, I was able to find some other cases that Alex might want to consider. And late October 2003, a 23 year old mother in Summerville, Georgia was arrested for throwing her eight month old into a dryer, or in November 2000, a woman in Niles, Miss Michigan was arrested for shutting her six year old son in a running dryer to punish him for playing hide and seek during which time he had hid in the dryer Jesus Christ. One of the things that I sadly learned while prepping this episode is that apparently people put babies and dryers more than you'd think which is horrible. Even if you grant that all the details of the story Alex is telling are true, it's still not a valid point. There are definitely valid critiques of the CPS and foster care system to be made. And anything that can be done to protect the children in that world is a moral imperative to pursue. But abuse like this happens in all different contexts. The image that Alex is trying to present is that it never happens between a parent and a child. And whenever there's a headline that reads like that's the case, it's secretly a situation where the CPS is abusing children and trying to blame it on parents because the globalist tape families Yeah, in hindsight, it really shouldn't come as a huge surprise that Alex got caught up in shit like pizza gate, the Wayfair stuff, and pretty much every other child abuse Satanic Panic we've seen over the last years, he's never really taking the issue seriously. So what he's doing now is more or less the natural progression of what you see even back in 2003 Yeah, it's a cartoonish pneus around a fairly serious issue.

Jordan  13:46
Yeah, yeah. I mean, that is that is one of the one of those things where I can definitely understand the desire to think that it only would be an evil organization that could do that, you know, like that is that is one of those things where you want to retreat from the idea that a parent, no matter what the circumstances could even do that, you know, yeah, I get that. But also No, that's not how it works.

Dan  14:11
Right? Um, that's that's one example of a few actually, I think that you're gonna see on this episode of places where conspiracy theories serve to make things feel more like you think they should be. Right. Right. And that's, that's maybe an underappreciated dynamic of some of the the narratives that people put out. Yeah, absolutely. can't possibly be this. That doesn't make sense to me emotionally, intuitively, right, whatever. Or even just hopefully, yeah, so Alex reads these headlines right and he knows these articles, he knows what they say before even reads them.

Alex Jones  14:47
And I read the article and of course, as always, it was exactly as it normally is. So I know what's in these articles before I read them. That's how out of control the global of starlets Hallelu start reading some art. gonna call that I haven't even seen I guess the next line. I do that every day. Big article Pooh poohing the Kennedy assassination with the government involved. Orbit some article saying there's no world government or some article saying surveillance is good. They're all basically the same same techniques, the shame propaganda.

Dan  15:19
This is a perfect encapsulation of Alex's methods, except he's lying about following up by reading the stories. He just sees a headline and decides he knows what the article is about them doesn't change his mind when presented with evidence that is manufactured narrative is based on nothing.

Jordan  15:33
I think, in my mind, what happens is this right, he reads a headline, and then starts thinking of what he wants it to be. And as he starts reading the words, all of a sudden, they swirl together in a magic paper and then rearrange themselves the way that he wants them to go. It's exact, it only happens in his mind. Yes,

Dan  15:52
it will. But it's exactly that except for the part where he's still looking at the words while they're rearranging. Right, right. He's already thrown that paper away. He's just imagining what the story is. It's like, Oh, my God, the globalist set up to no good.

Jordan  16:04
Yeah, why bother? Wait for the words to redo themselves. You can just throw the paper in the garbage.

Dan  16:08
Yeah. So Alex says some memories of fires short, and he's wrong. Great. Fires are pretty big fire. Cago fires. No more reason than that. Okay, but he's very wrong about his memories. Okay,

Alex Jones  16:21
pretty much to go out in LA and San Diego there. I have the TV news and radio news reports, as well as local news report that admitted that most of the fires in between San Diego and LA where they originally started for at one time, were set during Marine Corps and army joint training. Just accidentally four separate areas. dozens of miles from each other. just magically, these fires accidentally started and then I remembered the fires last year and Arizona Marines in the hills doing a training I just, I mean, how do I even express how out of control all this is.

Dan  17:06
So the fall of 2003 was a horrific season for fires in California, which would eventually come to include 14 Different fires. The Cedar Fire being remembered as the most severe of the bunch. The first one on October 21, was called the roadblock to fire and this one was accidentally started at the Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton on the firing range. This was a particularly complicated fire response because it was on federal land and beyond that, just consider all the things that could explode at a marine base. And you can get some sense of how delicately fire teams needed to tread Yeah, and it ended up being pretty bad. Yeah, as shitty as this sounds, fires at these bases. It's not a terribly uncommon thing. I was able to find examples of fires breaking out just at Camp Pendleton in 2008 and 2014 and that was barely even putting any effort into looking

Jordan  17:59
I mean I ended it just going to say like I feel like I've minor fires just existing in my own place and there are far fewer flammable things about you know, like there's a lot of people and a large amount of flammable things screw up is gonna light on fire, especially

Dan  18:16
in a firing right Yeah, exactly. Fires right there in the next all fire. So many of the other fires were smaller in nature, but they contributed to an environment where firefighting resources were spread thin made worse by a dry season, and the arrival of some bad Santa Ana winds that made fire spread much more easily. The Cedar Fire which the San Diego government describes as quote, the largest wildland fire in California history was started quote, when a hunter became lost and lit a small fire to signal for help. One of the other large fires called the old fire was started by an arsonist named Ricky Lee Fowler, who burned the house down after he was kicked out of it. The fire ended up killing five people and in 2013, he was found guilty of those murders and sentenced to death. Another of the large fires was the grand prix fire which was suspicious, but was called an accident by investigators in 2004, likely the result of an exhaust spark or cigarette but sure, I'm not sure what our evidence Alex is basing his claims on and he doesn't cite a single source other than his memories of unnamed news things he claimed to have seen. So it seems like maybe he's just talking shit. If I had to guess I would say that he's taking the fact that the Roblox to fire began at Camp Pendleton and then pretending that some of these other fires like the old or Grand Prix also had military involvement in their ignition. Sure, that seems in line with how his mind works and how he processes information, right? No,

Jordan  19:40
I understood that part. Yeah, what exactly was the nefarious evil part that was like he's saying that all of these fires got started in military bases?

Dan  19:50
Not all military bases, but all military like Right, right?

Jordan  19:54
He's like, Oh, I see the globalist right. But I don't understand what their goal is climate

Dan  19:59
change. Just something to make people think it's sort of serves, I don't know. So

Jordan  20:03
they get, they can script Marines to start random, massive forest fires in order to trick people into thinking that Glanbia has

Dan  20:11
something to do with property values, I

Jordan  20:12
don't know got to have that. So

Dan  20:14
Alex isn't specific about what fire he's talking about in Arizona, but I believe the one he's talking about the big one that fits around the timeframe that he's mentioning is known as the Aspen fire. This fire burned for just short of a month and ended up covering over 84,000 acres of land. And it was also in the woods, which fits Alex's description. Initially, folks thought that it was possibly caused by a lightning strike. But investigators fairly quickly ruled that out as none of the telltale signs were there. It's believed that it was human caused. And while the definite origin isn't known, there was a man who ended up being charged with and convicted of lying to investigators about whether or not he was smoking on the trail that day, exactly where the fire was known to have started, right. It's a pretty safe assumption that this was the inciting incident that caused the fire. Or I guess secret globalist military exercises involve setting off giant fires for some unknown and unachieved goal. Yeah, Alex is welcome to prove that if he wants, yeah, in the interest of full disclosure, the military does hold training exercises twice a year in that area, in a program called Angel funder. It's about personnel recovery, but it absolutely would not be taking place near the trail where the fire started. Yeah. And the program began in 2006. Sure, but there is that there is a base, right nearby this Mount Lemmon, right, the area where the fire was. And so it's conceivable that there might have been some sort of an exercise that pre existed. Angel thunder. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. But even so, investigators are able to zero in on a pretty close location of where the fire started. Right. And it wasn't it wouldn't be anywhere near where people were doing exercise.

Jordan  21:54
That would be absurd. Yeah,

Dan  21:55
it Alex had some work to do to prove this,

Jordan  22:00
man, you know, that's when you hear that fire burned for a month. You know, it's a it's so fucking crazy to remember, you know, we spend so much of our lives with complete mastery over fire, you know, like, I've got another and I can turn the fire on and off. I got a lighter in my pocket of the illusion. Exactly. And then you've said that it gets out of control a little bit, and it's burning for a month. Yeah, that's fucking crazy. It

Dan  22:23
is. Yeah, man. The issue here is that these kinds of giant devastating events can be easily caused by mundane and seemingly inconsequential things. And that doesn't feel right. It's an everyday action for so many people to just toss their cigarette butts on the ground. So it doesn't seem possible that doing that could lead to 10s of 1000s of acres being burned, and hundreds of homes being destroyed. It's not fair. But it can happen. It

Jordan  22:46
can but it's not fair. And I feel I feel that Yeah, I

Dan  22:51
agree. The fact that it doesn't feel right that something so insignificant could have such severe effects can have the result of causing people to seek for explanations that do feel right. Something as huge as a month long fire requires a commensurate cause like a shadowy world government plot. It's debatable whether Alex is a person who suffers from this need to come up with emotionally satisfying stories to explain world events, or if he knows that the audience does, and he exploits that to profit from them. I'm not sure but either way, it's really best not to take information from him. Yeah, he's not good at this. Yeah.

Jordan  23:23
Man. Boy of all the of all the cockamamie screw ups. Never I will boy being responsible for a forest fire. Yeah, that's

Dan  23:36
the Cedar Fire one, two is really a bummer. Because, you know, in some ways, if you're a hunter, and you're lost, and like you have a potential that you might die out in the woods or something on TV, they've done that, you know, no, fires are something that survivalists are taught to totally to, it's not outside of the realm of like, well, what else am I supposed to do in that situation? And then the side effect of it, you know, is this hundreds of 1000s of acres total end up burned, and it's a complete disaster?

Jordan  24:07
Ya know, it puts all of the reality survival contest shows that I've ever seen in such a weird, like, whenever you stop and think about, like, Oh, we're fucking up a section of the earth for my entertainment. You know, it messes with your head, but the idea that it's entirely possible that one of those shows, now obviously, it hasn't happened, but in the future, we don't know. Maybe it has, you know, Bobby, that would be the globalist for sure. They did it for TV. Yeah. But it could

Dan  24:35
Yeah, I mean, like, even on survivor, like there have been times when the like, the shelter has burned down. Yeah. But like, it doesn't spread. It doesn't for a month. Yeah. Yeah, it's, it's, you know, I mean, I don't know how else to say but life is very fragile. Yeah.

Jordan  24:53
Yeah, it is. It is emblematic of how cavalierly we've treated this whole fucking planet.

Dan  24:58
Yeah. And then this this season. And then 2003 So fascinating because you have this like the Cedar Fire that is caused by this guy who's signaling for help yeah and it's an accident this guy did nothing wrong oh maybe didn't make the fire as well as he could have maybe there's something sure knows it could have been anything yeah yeah you wouldn't you wouldn't assign a moral culpability to him right for that and then simultaneously there's this old fire that is an arsonist yeah who said it moral culpability all day yeah but you have these burning within the same season Yeah. And it's easy to get all of them in your head is the same fire because fire all looks the same. Right? It's hot that there's smoke.

Jordan  25:42
So 2003 was the the year of fire moral relativism as as explained Yeah. Strange.

Dan  25:50
It took a while preparing this episode because I had those sorts of thoughts.

Jordan  25:55
Yeah, you kind of got Yeah, then fuck you up for a little bit.

Dan  25:58
And then because of this story, which blew my mind,

Alex Jones  26:02
just look at the types of articles I have here. Look at this. This is a Newsmax article also have a little AP blurb on this. It should be national news. Mexican troops kidnap Texas family. I'm sorry. What What's the main headline on Newsmax right now? uncensored? Harris Hilton. Why should I care if the core daughter the two, three year old daughter dynasty is putting out porno tapes.

Dan  26:31
I guess you shouldn't? I don't know. You're welcome.

Jordan  26:34
Oh, boy. Yeah, I was happy not doing that. So.

Dan  26:36
But that's easy. You got distracted away from the fact that Mexican troops kidnapped

Jordan  26:41
wild it out by that there really should be a starting conflict. Was that the beginning of the second Mexican American War.

Dan  26:50
So this is a wild Newsmax story where a guy named Robert mopan claimed that he and his family had been kidnapped by as many as eight Mexican soldiers who had crossed the border to capture him. Mysteriously they were let go. And this wasn't an international incident that was sparked over crossing over borders to detain people, even when they're wanted fugitives is a messy business as Dog the Bounty Hunter learn firsthand. So it seems wild to imagine that this story happened as mopan describes Yeah, he claims that he had reported a meth lab to on his land to the DEA, who then told the Mexican authorities sure it's unclear why they would do this considering that his land is in the United States. But let's not get lost in Hey,

Jordan  27:29
yeah, you're right. Good call.

Dan  27:30
The Newsmax headline ends with a question mark, because even they aren't sure about this. And the sourcing is them. What

Jordan  27:37
whose quote? Was it that if it ends in a question mark, the answer's no. I don't know any news article that Yeah, might as well bait

Dan  27:44
and if the newsman if the Newsmax folks had done even a little bit of leg work, they would not have had a good cause to publish this story. Oh, you know, we even if they blew through the question mark in for for safety, share, share, share, share, because obviously that question mark is going to be ignored by xenophobic demagogues like Alex when they report the story. Well, that's there. Yeah. So I was poking around. I came across an article in The New York Times What did

Jordan  28:07
this What did this fucking guy get arrested for in the past,

Unknown Speaker  28:11
right? Here we go.

Jordan  28:15
Sometimes I read a new story. And it's like, I know what it's gonna be before I say.

Dan  28:22
There was an article in the Times from May 1997. That includes this little tidbit, quote, Bob mopan, who maintains that he was arrested on his own land by Mexican soldiers protecting a meth lab said smugglers have tried to run him down in their trucks.

Jordan  28:38
That's for 9797.

Dan  28:41
That article also explains how mopan had started his own vigilante group that wanders the border and make CITIZENS ARREST with the blessing of the Deputy Sheriff Robert Novak, who calls them Bob's boys. Yeah, that sounds great as the Times explains it, quote, mopping and salvo several friends have started a campaign of CITIZENS ARREST, dressed in camouflage fatigues. They carry semi automatic rifles, their own Vietnam era seismic sensors, and zip ties for handcuffs, quote, we get together at night and make a game out of it. Who can catch the most he says, If you dress properly, they don't know who you are. So we get really, really good cooperation.

Jordan  29:18
Right? Yeah, those guys should be in jail. Yeah, of all the people who should be in jail in this story. It is those dudes.

Dan  29:24
Yeah. So this guy created a militia that terrorizes immigrants for fun. And he's claimed on more than one occasion that he's been kidnapped by Mexican soldiers crossing the border because he's snitched on a meth lab. Seems like that story isn't true. And maybe it's a rationalization for why mop and does this horrible shit. So he doesn't have to feel like a monster. Yeah. In 2016 Robin was interviewed about his support for Trump's wall in the Monterey Herald. And strangely, his multiple times being held captive by the Mexican government doesn't come doesn't come up now. Weird. That's so odd. Weirdly, neither does his creation of a vigilante gang.

Jordan  29:57
That seems very important to any kind. On text about

Dan  30:01
instead they say that he quote isn't shy about letting Mexican migrants and smugglers know that they aren't welcome to pass through his sprawling property in the tiny town of Boulevard. If you can read this, you're in range. One sign says his property.

Jordan  30:14
Here's one thing that I have an interest in. When you're reporting on this type of thing. Sure, you can say it's a vigilante group or gang. Or you could say it's a group of men who commit hate crimes on the regular Yeah, and it's the same thing thing. So maybe one was more accurate though,

Dan  30:34
perhaps. Yeah. Then there's a book called illegals the right host by our unsecured US Mexico border. Fuck me. This book retails a time when mopan was kidnapped by Mexico.

Jordan  30:49
I love I love to stick into his fictional story.

Dan  30:52
This time. Yeah, it was along with his daughter. Sure, sure. Yeah. And it happened in 1985 starring Liam Neeson. Yep. Apparently he told a friend of his who worked in narcotics enforcement that he smelled ether on his property, and that there was a building about half a mile from the border that was usually empty, but he would periodically see it occupied. He would know it was occupied because plainclothes men with weapons would be patrolling. And then they would hoist a Mexican flag. Sure, nothing meth labs on foreign soil like to do more than announce their presence and draw attention to themselves. salutely He and his daughter were out shooting and we're confronted by Mexican troops carrying NATO weapons. It should be noted that this situation is about the same setup as the story being told in 2003 where his whole family was out shooting sure they got shocked. But yeah, yeah, these troops, they were looking for illegal guns and drugs, which they have no jurisdiction to investigate in US soil. So this is ridiculous. Yeah. They also said that they were looking for senor mopan, which Robert said, quote, made it pretty clear to me that I had made somebody in the Mexican government angry by sticking my nose into their drug business.

Jordan  31:58
I would say regularly committing hate crimes probably makes a lot of people mad at you.

Dan  32:02
He warned the troops that their guns weren't legal here whereas his were one of the soldiers didn't care and tried to take his daughter's go fuck baby. So she backhanded him and quote just about knocked him flat. Oh my god, the others ready their weapons. So mopan and his daughter put down their guns knowing that they were outmatched. Okay, this story is a convoluted mess and I don't believe a word of it. This part is particularly unbelievable. Ah, quote, Robert mopan was planning to pursue legal remedies but federal officials told him he would have to be in court for three to four months straight know on which time he decided to let the matter drop.

Jordan  32:37
Wow, that it's a hey, you know what? Sure, the entire Mexican government sends a small cadre of troops to apparently kidnap you. But what three or four months in court, three or four months,

Dan  32:52
instead of spending those months in court, I guess mobbin decided to recycle this story on a couple more occasions to justify his disgusting vigilante actions, and in the process, create new cycles that incite fear and hatred of Mexican immigrants. Anyway, this is part of the story that Alex doesn't cover because he doesn't care. Yeah, he just looks for headlines that help him get involved in that same incitement of fear and hatred. It does the job. He ignores the question mark, and ignores Hey, who is this guy? What's going on? Oh, he's told this story multiple times. He seems to keep getting kidnapped like, it's ridiculous. Whenever they try and leave Gilligan's Island, they end up back on Gilligan's Island.

Jordan  33:30
Yeah, 100 was like that he

Dan  33:32
keeps getting kidnapped.

Jordan  33:33
I will say this Never before has a story of made me more likely to believe that Steve pathetic is Jack Ryan. Okay, sure. This is the one.

Dan  33:43
And like, each time he's telling these stories. He doesn't say Not again. Yeah.

Jordan  33:50
Or something like that. Oh, boy. Here we go again, each time

Dan  33:54
it's in the present tense, and it's a new instance.

Jordan  33:59
Oh, god dammit, John. Boy, the Mexican government has come to kidnap us again. Ridiculous. It is absurd.

Dan  34:08
So anyway, Aleksa. Is he sold on this story? For sure. Of course, he doesn't cover it too much. Because what is there to cover past the headline?

Jordan  34:17
I mean, it's tells you everything you need to know.

Dan  34:22
And then just being like, why isn't everybody talking about this?

Jordan  34:25
If it were in any effect? DREW? Yes. I agree. Why aren't people talking about?

Dan  34:31
If it were in any way? DREW? I would I would suggest that there's a decent chance that like, he wouldn't have a choice about whether or not he went to court with it. Oh, absolutely not. I feel like the US government would take it to court. Yeah, he

Jordan  34:45
would be compelled to testify under subpoena making him more likely to be jailed by the United States government than the Mexican government. In all honesty. Yeah, it's

Dan  34:57
I mean, you can't you can't detain The foreign nationals on foreign soil

Jordan  35:04
Oh, even if your Bestest buds like is country's like there's still no even if Canada accidentally at the fucking Niagara Falls just grabbed a guy and pulled them across the border, it would be an international incident you

Dan  35:19
would have to have the permission of the other government. That's the rules. So Alex talks a little bit about drills is an interesting take on this because this is not the way he behaves in the present. I

Alex Jones  35:35
mean, I've seen articles have several 100 urban warfare training drills in the last two weeks all over the country chances are you have one in your town, and they'll get the high school drama club to have fake intestines hanging out and arms blown off and fake blood spraying. I've got some of those in the right driver club did not have those just north of Austin in a temple and they bowled town south of their belt and or some little towns 50,000 people. And what do I have? I mean robots rolling around with shotguns, Army troops walking up and ask them what we're doing to cars exploding in downtown fire and black smoke shooting up guys running around throwing hand grenades into cars. The mayor gets up and goes we've been attacked by terrorists in the headlines and newspaper said, Belton is in the film, attacked by terrorist. And I said to the mayor at the end of it, I said, Sir, this has all been a drill. And he goes, of course, it's been a drill. But again, that was at the bottom of a two page article that it was a drill, but you're reading it having the emotional response. You see, this is what happens to an unconscious mass of people. It creates the perception your subconscious considers that there are all these terrorist attacks.

Dan  36:54
This definitely isn't the reason that Alex says that there are training and scenario exercises. Now. This is a completely different conspiracy narrative that he's expressing in the past. In this conception, he thinks that there are all these exercises because your unconscious mind will experience them as if they're real attacks. And you'll emotionally think that there are more attacks than there actually are. Because of your heightened state of subconscious fear. The globalists will be able to exploit you into supporting things that are sold to you in the name of protecting you from these attacks course, in more present times these exercises exist to give cover to real false flag attacks. For instance, the operation lockstep shit existed so that the globalists could plan the COVID-19 release. And if anyone was caught, they could say it was part of the exercise. Leaving aside how stupid that theory is. It's the it's worlds apart from this 2003 understanding of these exercises. And that's because at this point in 2003, Alex doesn't seem to have recognized the value of fully denying reality and calling everything falls flat. Yeah, his business model is still kind of in its infancy and hasn't matured to this present day level that we see now where it's like, Fuck it, everything

Jordan  38:01
matured or metastasized. Yeah.

Dan  38:04
Also, if Alex thinks these exercises exists to give people a subconscious sense that things are worse than they are, I would suggest he consider how he covers news and how the lies and exaggerations. He reports give his audience the impression that things are worse than they are specifically around certain themes like immigration and white identity fears.

Jordan  38:21
I listen, I don't understand what you're saying. Are you saying that he is like whenever he says the government is trying to subconsciously make people more afraid of terrorism by creating these things? Are you saying that he is then taking something like the story of an absolute lunatic, and then bolstering it with his bullshit to make it look like everybody is in being invaded by a different country all the time? More or less?

Dan  38:46
That sounds right. And also, like, I wasn't able to find this article that he was talking about, but like, I bet that article is just somebody at a newspaper, having a little bit of a flourish. You know, it's you've, you've read those articles are like, bombs are exploding everywhere. Yeah. And then like the second or third paragraph, it's like edit, it was all an exercise to train people for the baba blah 100%. You know, you write as if it's real with the lead and the beginning because it's kind of fun. And also

Jordan  39:17
with the conception that most of your readers will know already from the word go that bombs were not actually going off in their own tout, right?

Dan  39:27
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Alex is a little bit. Maybe a

Jordan  39:30
little bit over exaggerating. A little dumb.

Dan  39:32
Yeah. So apparently, Columbine, false flag baby now.

Alex Jones  39:37
FEMA and quote the Secret Service have been running a secret federal program to protect our schools. Yeah, the program starts in 9899 Yeah, of Columbine and who the son of an FBI agent founded trenchcoat mafia two years before. Harris and Klebold parents are both ones a military officer another one in the secret underground. A quantum mechanics nuclear base. And these guys run the school's computers and there's 100 bombs inside the sheriff's meeting with the the principal while the attack takes place, the school was half empty. You can put two and two together, can't you folks? Can you these are giant theatrical events. They'll have a couple 100 fake ones and then a real one occasionally. And people have the perception that it's real that there's 1000s of school shootings and 1000s of terrorist attacks. In fact, in 99, here in Austin, and this is inroad attorney. They had fake bio attacks, fake chemical attack shutdowns most of downtown and we pull up at the scene and see the role player. They're standing behind his car shaking hands with the cops high and tight, you know, haircut. It was a military officer and the news had had him as a possible Arab terrorist and are we being attacked and then later that night, they quietly it was just a drill.

Dan  41:01
what Alex is expressing with his drill talk appears to go like this. A training drill happens which no one is claiming is a real event. Alex pretends the people are saying it is a real event and takes on the role of the guy insisting these are fake drills. Eventually, a news outlet covers the drill and Alex takes that as an admission that it was fake all along, and that his yelling forced them to end their cover up. His role in the whole thing is a charade and entirely meaningless. Yeah. Unfortunately, this is exactly the kind of thinking that left unexamined for too long and enabled by a further radicalized conspiracy environment leads to a person losing a billion dollars. All that stuff about Columbine does sound remarkably similar to the stuff Alex says about Sandy Hook. Yeah, not necessarily in terms of the specifics of the claim, but the way that there's a collection of claims that he almost certainly got from completely disreputable sources, which aren't accurate, but he throws out anyway to defend his contention that it was a big theatrical event. Yeah, it's the same way that he has all of these talking points. They'd be like, Well, kids are walking around the school, the porta potties, you know, they didn't let paramedics and you know, like all of these things. That's exactly what you heard with his his description of Columbine. Yeah,

Jordan  42:12
no, it's it's definitely seasonal. To live. We're literally talking to the ghost of his Christmas past as we speak. Yeah, it is a little bit on the nose, the current circumstances of our situation in terms of ghosts of Christmas Past.

Dan  42:31
Also important point, Harris and Klebold. Were not in the trenchcoat mafia. That's a group that existed at the school who were wrongly associated with the shooting because the shooters wore dusters. Most of the people in that actual crew had graduated the year prior. But in the panic of the immediate aftermath, we still got them confused. And the media did a poor job of covering this leading to misconceptions that linger to this day, much like the narrative that Harrison Klebold were bullied, which also is not the full or accurate description of what led to that. Yep, yep. So anyway, Alex is wrong about another school shooting. Sure. It's good to good to always see that from the jump right as rain. He's always wrong.

Jordan  43:12
His his downfall was cemented kind of so many years ago. Yeah, it was written in stone. So fascinating. Now, yeah. Because

Dan  43:22
this is not saying necessarily in any way that like the shooting was faked. Right, or that no one died or anything like that. But you already see the seed that's going to grow into his present day. Yeah. Yeah. And that's like it. It almost gives a yeah, there's a feeling of inevitability. It's a mind

Jordan  43:41
it's a bit of a mindfuck. You know, when you when you start looking at things from a teleological perspective, and then you see, I mean, an exact, like nucleus of the future. It's, it's fascinating to think of, you wouldn't

Dan  43:56
know that this is the kind of place that could go to back then, right. But looking back, it seems so obvious in

Jordan  44:02
the Docu, it's the documentary of like, John Lennon walking by a guitar store, like it's that kind of, it's that kind of feeling of like, that's what I'm gonna be when I grow.

Dan  44:13
So there's a drill in Austin. Sure. And Alex was like that. It's fake. Fake as hell. So He bluffed the news, right? Get this. This is amazing.

Alex Jones  44:24
Okay, but he had fake bio attacks, fake chemical attack, shut downs, and most of downtown and we pull up at the scene and see the role player. They're standing behind his car shaking hands with the cops high and tight. You know, haircut. There was a military officer in the news had had him as a possible Arab terrorist and are we being attacked and then later that night, they quietly announced, wishes to drill. Now was already on the air that day go on. It's a drill. It's a drill. It's a drill. It's a drill. It's fake. It's fake. It's fake. And then they had a fake nuclear spill and then announced that night okay. It was just a drill. Then they had three attacks, where they shut down hospitals and the DPS and the rest of it and turned out that they were gonna go ahead and keep saying it was a lie. And I called ABC News here locally. And I said, Look, I'd love to move. This is war. I rarely do this. I asked the listeners was this proper that I lied to him. I said, I got proof. It's fake. I know you're involved in it. I'm going on air with this on TV tonight. I've got witnesses from inside your organization. Within an hour, ABC locally was reporting goes to drilled and drilled.

Jordan  45:33
So you got scooped on your lines? You're

Alex Jones  45:36
under major psychological warfare attack?

Dan  45:39
Yeah. So Alex, I mean, I think there's a couple things that you could pull out of there. The first is that he lies about sources.

Jordan  45:46
I was gonna say like, that's that. How do you when you admit that the first time I can ever trust you again, that's how news works.

Dan  45:54
You might be bluffing. In the telling of this story, whether it's true or not, right? It's not. It's not that he got the outcome that he wanted, right. And so lying works. So why would you stop lying at any given point in time, it seems like he has an incentive to lie based on his own telling the story, God. And so this is again, this, this all exists in his head. This, this feels like when the Boston bombing happened. And he feels like the media is talking to him. Yeah, yeah. And there's like, the, they had to get out ahead of me, right? They're saying this answer. No, there was a drill that you were yelling about. And the news was probably going to have a story about how there was a drill as it was to drill and you call them bluff to them about sources and what have you. And it meant nothing.

Jordan  46:44
They were like, I don't know what to do with this point. Phone call, right click.

Dan  46:49
Cool. Yep. I mean, this is like, the perfect state of Alex. Yeah, being annoying. But ultimately, he has no impact and any impotent is what he should be. There is no, nothing is changing. In terms of these drills and stuff, like they're they're happening, people are learning how to respond to the stuff.

Jordan  47:14
What do you want? Do you want people to have to deal with it for the very first time, the time it happened? Yes, no, that's bad. God will provide that all the first times that you've dealt with something, it's not always God. Well, that's because God didn't want it to I mean, okay, so let's say that there's a massive nuclear spill, you don't want to have somebody being like, hey, sorry, man, this is my first nuclear spill, right? Because that's a reasonable excuse for why we're all dead. Well, in here,

Dan  47:40
here's the other thing, too. If you believe like what Alex is saying, then there are these, like, hundreds of fake events that are happening. Yeah, right. Yeah, he's got to be like, jumping from room to room. He's got to be like spinning plates to try and like cover all of this stuff, to like, get to the get to all of these fake events, because if he didn't do liberals would be allowed to pass them off his real.

Jordan  48:06
I have a bigger question. Yeah. What is the ratio of fake events to real events? Are there more fake events when real event? Yeah, but I mean, are we talking about that? And what what isn't a fake event?

Dan  48:21
Now, you never want to be specific about that. Because I feel like

Jordan  48:24
if the ratio is the opposite, then the real events are the fake events.

Dan  48:28
I think that in terms of, you know, giant events, sure. Mass casualty type events, I would imagine that, you know, if you want to use this language, there are more fake events than real ones. In as much as there are training exercises that happened, right, and a lot of EMTs and, you know, emergency medical stuff, along with military training type stuff, it's all there. Right? Those probably happen more than newsworthy, giant. But here's the thing is like, Alex isn't covering all of these drills that happen can't not even close not even there's too many. And guess what? Those ones that he doesn't cover aren't reported in the news as real right? Because otherwise we would be having like, oh my god, nuclear, there's a lot of every place and they seem to be happening on almost like a calendar

Jordan  49:25
freak events as if there was a regular training exercise in case this sort of thing were to happen. The same

Dan  49:32
thing seems to be happening by annually in the exact same place. It's a it's a good

Jordan  49:37
thing that the show I listened to that tells me about this is not serialized, otherwise that would be an issue. That's all

Dan  49:44
very dumb. Yeah. So Alex talks about the the Texas family story again, the bet kidnapped and he takes it up a notch.

Alex Jones  49:51
The source said the Mexican unit may have been prompted to cross the US because the family a father, father and three miners were shooting rabbits on their property. Well, yeah, the Marines will kill you if you're out shooting rabbits. sounds right to me and along the border in Rossetto County. By the way, we have confirmed the report in North Carolina, a man on his own property hunting in a deer stand had British troops threaten to arrest him and a FBI type guy in a suit arrived and said, get out of that deer. Get off your property and don't come back. This was all done at machine guns point.

Dan  50:32
Machine gun points. Good boy.

Jordan  50:35
Yeah. All right. Okay. That's, that's fun. That's fun. I think it would be more fun. I think we would have all have a more fun life. If some people were just British troops. Some people are just suddenly kidnapped by British troops with machine guns get off. Almost whimsical. That is it all of those whimsical evil what happened? Blight America happened

Dan  50:56
with the land. He had to leave

Jordan  51:01
for the queen. Now, I don't understand what you're not getting about this, the cleanest claimed is out.

Dan  51:07
Also, what's an FBI type guy? type guy.

Jordan  51:11
You know, it's one of those guys. he's kind of like it the type, but he's got the type.

Dan  51:17
So there's obviously bullshit. But it's probably based on a fraudulent telling of a real fact, which is that there is a tiny piece of land approximately point 052 acres in North Carolina that is actually British soil. Interesting. There's a small patch of land on Ocracoke Island. That's a memorial to five British soldiers who died there in World War Two. The land is technically still in the US, but it's permanently leased to the Commonwealth War Graves Commission. So it might as well be British and it's kind of considered British land within the continental US. Let's just respect it. Yeah. So there is that? I think that's about as close as you're gonna get. I imagine Alex heard that. It was like, Wait, the British are taking land and Carolina.

Jordan  52:00
I love it. I love it. You see the connective

Dan  52:02
tissue about how that could possibly lead to a guy getting kicked out of his deer stand by British troops home machine gets

Jordan  52:09
100% Well, you're I mean, you're literally hunting on a burial ground. So yeah, you're kind of an asshole here. No, no, no. No, that didn't actually happen. No. Okay. No, that's a little disappointing, saying

Dan  52:24
that the story at its core is just that this grave? exists. Okay. Okay. Okay, um, that it's British soil within the United States. Sure. And it has to do with the military. Right? I'm saying that Alex was made aware of that. And then he wrote a story in his head, about a North Carolina man being accosted by British troops at machine gunpoint or told them to get off the land.

Jordan  52:47
That does sound like the fun type of story that Alex would make up. Immediately upon. Wait, the British have some land clearly a hunter was kidnapped there. Yeah. Like that's the foothold. Yeah. That's the fun story. Yeah.

Dan  52:58
That's how the imbalance it's a canary in the coal mine. Yeah. So Paul, Joseph Watson is in L. Say, Paul, Joseph Watson being on the phone, and just coming in for a little bit about where he belongs. He's not a host, but he can come in for like a little sting or whatever. And he's not, not the worst. Yeah. And for some reason, it sounds better when he's on the phone, because it's like, we got our guy embedded in the UK or correspondent. Yeah. But unfortunately, the two of them are talking about this story about the Texas family that got kidnapped, and Alex is out for blood.

Alex Jones  53:40
I'd like to get your take on it. How would the British people responded if the French were coming across and kidnapping your citizens? Do you think it'd be a news item? Or think it'd be ignored for a week and a half?

Paul Joseph Watson  53:51
Well, it depends obviously as he said that particular news item shouldn't be in mainstream headlines across the board. And of course we had a bush carrying on the Clinton policy of refusing to arm the border guards down there even though they're getting shot up every week by the Mexican

Alex Jones  54:08
it is totally constitutional to put tanks helicopters F 16 on our border no and and to know it is not just what we've always done in the past kill every Mexican soldiers on that border again attacking us not constitution talcum. You want to go to war Washington draft

Jordan  54:24
me. We're not going to war with Mexico.

Alex Jones  54:27
I'm sorry. It's in my blood. I want to crush that I kind of I'm sorry, go ahead. Wow.

Jordan  54:32
What a crush Mexico,

Dan  54:34
it's in my blood. What a crush.

Jordan  54:37
Honestly, I honestly, if that was his reasoning, I would have to say you know what, at least that's maybe honest. You know, like, instead of all this, oh, Mexicans are evil. That's bullshit based on mythological racism. Sure you hate Mexico because your ancestors died fighting.

Dan  54:54
That's fine. That's fine. Yeah, you're spiritually connected to Colonel Travis. Whatever.

Jordan  54:59
Hey, Yeah, you just hate Mexico.

Dan  55:01
I honestly also think that if this was the way he acted more, it would be more consistent. Like this is this kind of feels more like a sincere expression of his feelings. Yeah. I just hate Mexico and I want to crush the country. Yeah,

Jordan  55:18
that's and also, I mean, again, that's the it seems like the stakes are raised, but because they're raised so ridiculously high, no one's going to war with Mexico. And this is a fake bullshit story. The stakes are once again, back down to zero. Yeah, you know,

Dan  55:34
Alex's whipped himself up into a frenzy where he wants war against neighboring states Mexico over a very dubious article in newsman

Jordan  55:44
doesn't begin to describe the

Dan  55:46
headline ends with a question mark.

Jordan  55:50
Well, that's war worthy.

Dan  55:51
I love that Alex is like in the same breath being like they lied to get us into a rock.

Jordan  55:59
Like they listen, if I could make up some shit, then you can make up some shit. Let's go to war with Mexico. Fine.

Dan  56:06
So Alex, take some calls. And this guy sucks.

Alex Jones  56:09
I'll go ahead and count and finish up.

Caller 1 (756)  56:11
Yeah, one more thing is this blue collar white male right here was looking for a job the other day and I happen to look in the newspaper. And in the article was anti semitism in Europe is an alarming virus. They use the word virus like if it's a sickness, in the articles anti white male and anti Arab male. And it seems like in the in this day, or new world daughter, it's the white male and the Arab male is a negative force in the world is dimp. Today would like them to fight each other so they can have supremacy.

Alex Jones  56:44
Well, I appreciate the call. I think it's, you know, it's bigger, the globalist play every group against each other. I mean, if it's Africa, they play black crab against black crab. If it's England, they play you know, Catholic against Protestant, Protestant against Catholic, but I mean, certainly, I mean, they're creating divisions every which way, we'll be right back stay with us.

Dan  57:05
And not inconsiderable amount of Alex's audience has always been this guy. Yeah. anti semitic white identity obsessed and paranoid. I think it illustrates something important to note that Alex pushes back on the part where white people and Arabs are being pitted against each other to say that the globalist pit all groups against each other. But he doesn't really push back at all on the guy has claimed that there's a Judeo New World Order. Sure. That's probably somewhat strategic way he pushes back on some things and then leaves other things kind of like,

Jordan  57:36
yeah, yeah, that is that is a way of introducing yourself. Yeah. Blue Collar white male here is a way of age and I go, Yeah, and then run away. Nope, no, no.

Dan  57:47
Job. And I saw a blue collar white man need not apply? Yeah.

Jordan  57:52
It's like, I mean, if you say like that.

Dan  57:56
This article that he's talking about, was that in the Help Wanted section, I mean, that seems weird. That is

Jordan  58:01
odd. It is odd.

Dan  58:03
So Alex gets into a stretch here where there's some really bad predictions that he makes, okay.

Alex Jones  58:08
People say to me, aren't you worried? And then, frankly, folks, I have no doubt I'm going to be killed by him. Next week could be five years from now. Sure. I mean, it's an honor to fight against tyranny, to stand up against pure evil. I mean, I wouldn't go fight in Iraq because that's a joke. That's a fraud for them. But to defend my country, my family, it's not a question of across the street, you know, five thugs with with with knives and guns, or attacking an old lady, I know, if I didn't even have weapons. I would go up try to disarm one gun and kill the others, I would fight them. My instinct is to fight thugs and fight scum. And, you know, that's how men were in the past, folks, our forefathers had incredible courage when I was on sailing ships or, you know, you know, in faraway lands, regardless of what color we are men were men, women were women. You know, this is how it operated. I am not a castrated coward. And I know I can end up the scurvy with O'Brien hanging over me. And you know, they may be able to torture me enough to where I cry and say I love Big Brother. But the point is, I stood up and I fought. And we have this freedom. We have this bounty, we have this liberty because countless hundreds of 1000s and millions of people died in defense of humanity. And I'm part of that stream of history. And I'm part of that like the Old Norse saying says cattle die and kinsmen die and so one will die oneself but there's one thing I know that never dies, and that's the fame of the dead man's deeds. Paul watches comments today.

Dan  59:43
Comments on their posts. Like this is just Alex talking to himself. Well,

Jordan  59:50
I would I would die for anything that I feel like, what are your comments on that? What are your thoughts on there? Boy me, how courageous Do you think I am? Am I super courageous? isn't the most courageous there ever was your thoughts on that

Dan  1:00:02
you're looking rough and ready. Just thinking of British? Yeah, Alex is just talking himself up there. And it's kind of fun that he believes that the globalists are definitely going to kill him. Maybe in five years, maybe tomorrow, who knows? And now almost 20 years later, yeah, we sit here and he was not killed. Yep. In fact, he made millions and millions of dollars by getting worse and worse. Yep.

Jordan  1:00:31
foolproof that if you die in your dreams, you do not die in real life.

Dan  1:00:34
Right? Yeah. This is, this is just sad.

Jordan  1:00:39
Yeah,

Dan  1:00:40
I think I think that there is probably a small part of Alex now in the present that he said he didn't die. At some point. Yeah. Because this idea of the like, what lives on is a man's deeds. Yeah. Like there is a time when he could have probably had a Bill Cooper esque exit. Yeah. Where people like do

Jordan  1:00:59
have a very Bill Cooper exit. But it's

Dan  1:01:03
Bill Cooper didn't end up living long enough to have like a complete, right, like falling from grace as you lose a billion dollars. Right. Right. And like he didn't have to become like this weirdo public drunk who shows up on these strange podcasts and add it himself. Yeah, by the way, where's that Tyson interview? Ah, by Tyson interview where he didn't mushrooms seems not to have come out.

Jordan  1:01:33
Yeah, there are a lot of things that Bill Cooper didn't get to do.

Dan  1:01:37
I think I think like, in some ways, Alex, I mean, we talked about this even like hundreds of episodes back. Like, there's a certain sense that Alex has outlived his usefulness in terms of the conspiracy community. And he continues on as this weird thing, that the next generation is trying to navigate how they use

Jordan  1:01:57
these almost vestigial, like, he's like an appendix like they need to exercise. We all need to excise them from the human, the humanity. Yeah,

Dan  1:02:06
he is in some ways, but there's still like something to be gained from him in terms of exposure and clout and stuff. It's just Yeah, it's strange. It's not a position. I think anybody would want to be in No, no, no, I'm not. I'm not expressing pity or anything. Oh, no, no, no, I'm cryptically. I think he probably isn't where he wants to

Jordan  1:02:25
be. Yeah, yeah. That but I mean, there's, that's such the greed of how can you want. I can't imagine making $100 million in like a business and not being like, sweet, guess what that means for me. I'm out. I'm out. You know, I'm just I'm done with this stuff. You know, you've somebody else can deal with all that bullshit. Well, but

Dan  1:02:48
what if you had a underlying need to demonize people and satisfy your anger publicly and lash out?

Jordan  1:02:55
See, that's the problem. Yeah, I wouldn't do that. You know, one other thing

Dan  1:02:59
I was thinking about, too, was that this is, I don't know, this might be tough to articulate exactly. But so much of Alex's career involves this idea that like, like Fox News was gonna give me millions of dollars. I was gonna, you know, like, but I couldn't be the thing that I want to be there. Right. Now, Tucker Carlson is the most important person in the world. Yeah, kind of contradicting Alex's entire ethos, right. Like he could have conceivably gone to Fox News and been Tucker Carlson.

Jordan  1:03:33
I mean, I don't know. No, of course, he couldn't have no, no, I mean, well, I mean, Alex couldn't have because he doesn't have the control necessary to do.

Dan  1:03:41
Yes. But somebody working within Fox News could have had the show that Alex thinks he wants to have totally there there is a place within the institution that can be corrupted enough. Oh, totally. It's it's completely counter to his, his ideas. But

Jordan  1:03:58
you know, I mean, he, he couldn't do it. It's not it's a personal thing for him and mainstream. And it's maybe because of him. He's unemployable. It is because of him may be that Tucker can be at Fox News, like by being on the outside, Alex did more to influence Fox News than if he were inside it.

Dan  1:04:18
That is probably true. But again, that's not the place that you would want to be if you are able to choose Right, right. It's not the like, fun or admirable or anything, please

Jordan  1:04:29
no, no, no. It seems like it should be the admiral that you know, like turning down all the corporate money and all that seems like it should be the admirable thing until you're Alex. You know, then it's disgusting.

Dan  1:04:40
Yeah. And he probably doesn't, but there's a lot of gold sale. stuff going on. Sure. No, Ted, he doesn't pop out.

Jordan  1:04:50
See because he didn't actually give up the corporate money even in the slightest little bit. That's the thing about it. Gold Corp. Yeah. He just went to a different garbage weirdo.

Dan  1:05:00
Oh corporations. Yes. So there's like economic collapse stock being used to sell gold and then another ship prediction.

Paul Joseph Watson  1:05:08
People say, Oh, we're in the middle of the recovery. Well, you take the long term perspective, follow the line, which you know, from three years ago, and it's a complete downturn.

Alex Jones  1:05:17
I know what all the shopping centres around here, strip malls, restaurants, you couldn't find a parking space two, three years ago. Now you walk into a store, it's a ghost town. And I'm not trying to be negative folks, I just look, all we had left was the fiat currency. That's where we could buy all the slave goods. We we had the world money that people accepted. And when it's Fiat, it can lose value overnight. And now we're losing that and it's horrible. It's terrible for our economy, the little bit of money, I've gotten the bank. Cash money has gone down in value by 30%. And oops, the gold I've got has gone up by over 30%. So we discussed this now happened. You know what, though? Gold may go down next week or next month, but I'm not dumping my gold. Paul, what do you think of that decision?

Paul Joseph Watson  1:06:06
Well, it's a good decision. And we also have to remember that part of this stage, that economic collapse is to eventually completely obliterate the dollar to be merged into this world currency, which of course, is basically halfway completed with the Euro agenda that they will create this Pan American Union currency with the

Alex Jones  1:06:27
mero dollar. Oh, and just call it Laugh with us until they issue it in three years.

Dan  1:06:35
So can I borrow in a marrow dollar? I

Jordan  1:06:38
would love to give you an Aveiro dollar more than anything. We

Dan  1:06:41
all know that in 2006 they rolled out the American dollar and everybody who was laughing at Alex was not laughing changed their

Jordan  1:06:47
tune. Yep. bought all their gold. That was that was what happened. changed the course of history. The American dollar. Yeah.

Dan  1:06:54
I mean, when you're right, you're right.

Jordan  1:06:58
I mean,

Dan  1:06:59
I Dallas is gonna be dead in five years.

Jordan  1:07:03
Understand their their timeframe, you know, like I there's no way that a enemy arrow dollar can come out in three years. That's just not possible. There's just too many interlocking parts. Yeah.

Dan  1:07:15
I mean, like there were even like the dollar coins was a difficult thing for hopefully it didn't I don't even think that was fully successful as

Jordan  1:07:24
the Yeah, the Secretary we Yeah, people were still at that there were even people who were like, I don't want secondary. We all my money. Like I don't even know where we are. But even

Dan  1:07:34
leaving aside what's on the coin. Yeah, the idea of having $1 coin was yes. And that means nothing compared to emerging different countries.

Jordan  1:07:47
It's a slightly heavier representation of the same thing. Yeah, that's it. Yeah.

Dan  1:07:53
So we go back to the bombings in 1999. Shouldn't Russia? Yeah. And like I said, they've proven that it was, Oh, my God,

Paul Joseph Watson  1:08:04
and ninth in September 99. And basically the month following that series of explosions took place in Russian apartment buildings, which gave Putin the pretext to launch a war on the church ends and create a police state at home. And it turned out that the FSB, the former KGB, were actually caught substituting the domain explosive for real explosive text again, and then they were caught but allowed to leave the country by

Alex Jones  1:08:34
Moscow police caught them FSB members have gone public about this. And we've got what don't we have a whole section on prison planet about that all mainstream news articles? Yeah, sorry, what

Paul Joseph Watson  1:08:44
in the 911 archive is, you know, examples of her Galeon dialectics though there's a bunch of articles in that section as well. And then anyone that tries to blow the whistle on this like Barrows, offski. I mean, they're trying to deport him every week because he back in London now, any journalist that reports on this is on Russia, in Russia is strangely gunned down on the streets in the week following so we know that there's a massive cover up going on there.

Alex Jones  1:09:13
Absolutely.

Dan  1:09:14
Yeah. Well, none of this stuff is true anymore.

Jordan  1:09:17
So weird how he's the protector of the white family now.

Dan  1:09:20
Yeah, he's a great Christian. Russia has never been known to do any false flags. And

Jordan  1:09:26
nothing more Christ like

Dan  1:09:28
weird, so weird. That whole section on prison planet, maybe not there anymore.

Jordan  1:09:34
It is so nice to believe things. Yep. It is really nice to just I don't have to worry about finding new things that I don't remember about people.

Dan  1:09:43
And it's you don't have to like forget that you proved things in order to have proved to new things that are contrary

Jordan  1:09:52
things not once I go like this. Oh, I was wrong. And now there's a new thing. That's not hard.

Dan  1:09:57
Yeah, this is this sucks. Yep. Anyway a caller calls in sure because that's what callers do. Yeah. And he says blue collar white male here. A little a little bit better than that guy although unfortunate yeah

Alex Jones  1:10:11
go to Joel in Illinois then Spencer and Mark and Jeremy and others. Go ahead you're on the air Joel. Hi Alex.

Caller 2 (756)  1:10:20
Talk to you. Let's see for quite a while and I'll be honest with you when I first started listening to your program I thought you're not apologize for saying that.

Alex Jones  1:10:31
The Alex Jones of eight years ago would have heard this show I thought he was nuts. But but but the Alex Jones of today just goes off the facts.

Dan  1:10:40
Yeah, yeah, just the facts. Wow. And then Alex Jones of 2003 would think the 2022 version is a disgrace Yeah, yep. Yeah, you constantly are evolving into something that would make you ashamed in the past Yeah, that's not that's not the that's not the trajectory you want your life to go down now now. You would rather look back and be like damn, couple years ago I would have been so proud and impressed with what I achieved totally that's the kind of

Jordan  1:11:09
oh no past me would have been like well done yeah, big pat on the back that

Dan  1:11:14
you've done things that I in like yourself in the past wouldn't have even thought possible right? That's the kind

Jordan  1:11:20
of and you've done things that yourself in the past wanted to do you achieved things you don't have to disavow later

Dan  1:11:28
right? You know, you don't have to be like man in the past I would have looked at me and been like, fuck that guy.

Jordan  1:11:34
Exactly. Yes. What a bummer. Yeah. Oh man

Jordan  1:11:44
this is the Christmas episode. We are getting awful wistful about the ghost of Christmas

Dan  1:11:48
such as life for the you constantly have layers of the onion peeled back and you see more

Jordan  1:11:54
rise right? Okay, so Alex is screw you keep blowing

Dan  1:11:57
your mind. Paul Joseph Watson is

Jordan  1:12:02
he's Bob Cratchit No, he's not some he's this. He's He's Tiny Tim Yeah. Oh, boy.

Dan  1:12:10
David Knight is the fattened goose

Jordan  1:12:12
Yeah, that sounds right Miss goose. I think David knights actually a pretty good Ghost of Christmas Present, you know, because he's almost the same thing in the present that Alex isn't the best. He could just show up and be like, bet you wish you didn't fire me a dum dum. I'm the visual metaphor for Alex. David.

Dan  1:12:28
I could be the Ghost of Christmas Future. Joy shitting on me. Become me.

Jordan  1:12:36
I don't know in this in this version. I think everybody is reptile people. David Icke is the Ghost of Christmas Future. I'm not the turd in your Punchbowl. Now. I have it

Dan  1:12:46
turns out the Punchbowl falters. So Alex has a conception of what his show is. And I think it's kind of funny because it is not this.

Alex Jones  1:12:57
Be just join us for the first time. You're wondering what this show is about. It's about getting past the rhetoric and getting down to the actions of the politicos and then looking at the society that surrounds us, both historically, and in a contemporary fashion.

Dan  1:13:14
Absolutely not. Wow, that is so far from what his show is what

Jordan  1:13:19
a blurb to put on your

Dan  1:13:21
show. To be fair, if you're doing the show you don't want to like come in from break and be like if you're joining us for the first time I make a bullshit based on skimming headline. Yeah. To try and make white people scared.

Jordan  1:13:32
It is a little bit like if the blurb on the back of the Bible was like nonstop action fest packed with Jesus shooting all the Pharisees like

Dan  1:13:41
now now with 3% Less list of names. Yes, exactly. So Alex talks about his JFK conspiracies. And we know from the present, right, Nick Fuentes was just on the show, and apparently Israel did it. And Alex was like, Yeah, that's a big part of it. Sounds right. Weirdly, not in the past 2003 That was not what he was he and he's proven this stuff. This isn't just like thoughts proved.

Alex Jones  1:14:06
I've already had LBJ is light widow on the show four years ago, she's dead now. Many widow she was at the meeting where the head of the FBI and the mob and the CIA were there and said we're going to kill Kennedy tomorrow. I've had LBJ his lawyer on Barr McClellan, whose sons the White House press secretary, he was LBJ his private lawyer. He has firsthand evidence of them bragging about killing him. And I mean, there's no debating it. They murdered JFK.

Dan  1:14:35
What is a admitted widow?

Jordan  1:14:37
I mean, it's so that means that she was actually married to him I think. I admittedly, it was admitted in the in the white papers. She was wearing white because the because this is user and now she's wearing black admitted with

Dan  1:14:53
admitted widow is a strange widow. Turn afraid. Yeah, that's all I'm saying.

Jordan  1:14:58
Yeah, that was In the 1800s, that meant that she was in an asylum.

Dan  1:15:02
Ah, now, also, wouldn't that be Lady Bird? Yes, that would be. That's Alex headed Lady Bird Johnson.

Jordan  1:15:10
Show American royalty. Lady Bird? Yes, correct.

Dan  1:15:16
I find that hard to believe that she was against our Infowars and told Alex that they plotted to kill JFK,

Jordan  1:15:22
I think I think there's a fairly funny movie to be made where all of the conspiracies are true. And everybody shows up in Texas on the same day, kind of like having an awkward mixer. People are like, Oh, what are you here just for, like, I'm here to kill Kennedy. And I like ooh,

Dan  1:15:39
I don't know enough about LBJ. So I don't know if like he got remarried or something like did he have another wife? Because that's the only one I know of

Jordan  1:15:48
Lady Bird Johnson. That's the only one I know of. I think actually, maybe he did have another wife.

Dan  1:15:52
I'm looking at Wikipedia. And I see one wife, ladybird. Well,

Jordan  1:15:59
I mean, let's not. He was the president in the 60s, let's let's call it let's call him a down on whether or not he was faithful.

Dan  1:16:05
That wouldn't make somebody a admitted widow, though, you know,

Jordan  1:16:11
you are not wrong.

Dan  1:16:14
If you're like screwing around, she wasn't make you made it a widow. That's true. You have to be a widow first. That's true. And then you have to admit it

Jordan  1:16:23
or not actually suggest that there were times whenever she was not admitted

Dan  1:16:28
to it. I deny it widow? Well, here's the question really is is admitted me and I have admitted to it wrong, or you have been admitted into the halls of Widodo?

Jordan  1:16:40
Well, I mean, that's why the 18th century, what are the previous 100 years was the mental institution so admitted into make sense. I think that still counts.

Dan  1:16:49
Anyway, the point here is I don't know what's going on. And Alex's conspiracy doesn't involve Israel in 2003 100%, the referee malleable, very malleable. So Alex, take another call. And in this clip, I think we get some insight into what the left right paradigm means to Alex. And it's not what you think.

Caller 3 (756)  1:17:08
I get the distinct impression that whenever I have a criticism or a complaint about Bush, like you said, then I automatically become like, in league with the liberals or something.

Alex Jones  1:17:19
Yeah. They're in this whole left, right fight. You've got to explain to them the things I hit on earlier in the hour, all the bullet points of how the rhetorics different, but the actions are the same. Explain the good cop bad cop to system to them. They're so busy though associating their personal power with Bush like he's a sports hero or something that they can't get past that. Thanks for the

Dan  1:17:41
call. I believe that this is a really illuminating clip to help us understand what Alex means when he says he's above the left right paradigm, just based on the words and what they mean, one would be inclined to think he means that his politics exist outside of the spectrum that defines things as left leaning or right leaning. This is the way that he wants people to see him because it helps make you more appealing to folks who fancy themselves also to be above politics, pendant thinker, right. But what Alex seems to actually mean is a bit different. He opposes bush, and because of that people on the right assume he's on the left, the left right paradigm he's against is the assumption that because you oppose a Republican, you must be attacking from the left, right. When Alex says he's above the left right paradigm, what he's essentially saying is that he wants to make people aware that you can attack the GOP from the right, yeah, based on his use of the term and his clear ignorance about pretty basic stuff in terms of politics and civics. I kind of think he doesn't understand that this is what he mean, you are 100% Correct. It seems like he actually thinks that attacking the GOP from the right is an evolved political position that places him outside of the left, right, bear binary, but it doesn't

Jordan  1:18:48
see he's outside of the left right paradigm. He's on the right left paradigm. See, it makes perfect sense. Everybody that is on his team is on the right. And everybody else is on the left,

Dan  1:18:59
right. He thinks that the GOP are socialists Yeah. By see he's on the he's on a meeting political spectrum. He's

Jordan  1:19:07
just putting what we think of as the right on the left side of the spectrum and staking part a further part right of the spectrum and saying that that's the only right now that's the toucan you can diagram it out. It's very simple. It's still the same paradigm and that's

Dan  1:19:23
and that's why extreme far right positions they're just common sense monitoring position

Jordan  1:19:28
Why would you say that they're not common sense right?

Dan  1:19:32
I'm a centrist because I believe in hyper nationalism. i

Jordan  1:19:36
It doesn't get more middle of the road than murder your enemies of which all

Dan  1:19:41
right, and I think that you get a lot of mileage out of saying stuff like I'm above the left right paradigm because like you said, you appeal to the people who are independent, oriented, and you think like, oh, man, maybe this guy has some some stuff that goes a little left a little right, you know, just but no, he's just so far on the right that is

Jordan  1:20:00
Yeah, I mean, he's what he's really saying is I defy political party? I think both political parties are bullshit, which is fine. But that doesn't mean like I'm I think both political party parties are bullshit, but I'm on the left. Yeah. Yeah. Leftist. Yeah. I doesn't mean that I'm, yeah, you're above the left right paradigm, or

Dan  1:20:19
you can have structural problems with both political parties, right, still recognize that you exist within that continuum? Exactly. And Alex is trying to pretend that he doesn't to gain traction, and make himself seem like less of a extremist on the

Jordan  1:20:34
right. Yeah. I mean, if you're if you're the fucking Amitabha Buddha, yes, you exist outside the left, right spectrum.

Dan  1:20:40
I agree with you. Or if you're somebody who doesn't have like, much concern for politics, sure. Sure. Maybe then you would exist outside like someone who maybe all you care about is charity. Yeah, that's outside the left right paradigm.

Jordan  1:20:54
If all you do is live in a cave, I think that also is outside the left right paradigms on the cave. That's a good point. There's a lot of fascist a lot of fascist games out there.

Dan  1:21:04
That was That was terrible.

Jordan  1:21:08
Because you have not been to the Appalachian Mountains, some of those caves. Turn your fascist man, I'm telling you, I the only explanation I

Dan  1:21:15
will admit, I have not been there yet. So we get one last clip here. And it's another caller. And he has a question for Alex about sources and pay attention to this clip, because this is a non answer. Yeah, you're

Caller 4 (756)  1:21:27
doing a great job. I have one main question, actually. And then I'll let you go. I know. Gotta get on with today. The global policy report you were referring to at the beginning of the hour, you said that you were able to decipher the news based off of those, how do you obtain those? How can I obtain them?

Alex Jones  1:21:43
Okay, the Council on Foreign Relations has about five different types of reports the CFR founded in 1922, to overthrow America publicly. The Council on Foreign Relations, which was words, puts out their foreign affairs brief every two months, it's in all major bookstores. It's called foreign affairs. That's their outward propaganda for the general public. Sure, but on their website and an interdepartmental reports and reports to the President or Congress, or to other private think tanks, they say what they're going to do. You've got P Knack project for New American Century, you've got the reports of the Carnegie Foundation, going back to the 30s, we have these, you've got the Ford Foundation battle plans, you've got RAND Corporation, then you've got then when you know who the members of these groups are, you see them then writing news articles for major magazines and newspapers and on the Sunday news shows, and you can see the different grades of propaganda they're putting out for different audiences. It's very sophisticated. And those are the type of global policy reports that I was talking about.

Caller 4 (756)  1:22:45
I do appreciate that information that's gonna, that's definitely gonna send me in a different direction.

Dan  1:22:50
If you pay attention to that Alex didn't really answer the question that was posed. And the reason for that is that he doesn't base his conspiracy bullshit on any actual sources, he skims headlines and makes up stories that are complementary to his extreme right wing white identity ideology, and points to a vague unspecific mass of official documents to give his narratives and unearned weight. I've tracked Alex's answer. And here is what he says in response to a very straightforward question about where these reports are that he's talking about. First, he brings up the CFR who have about five different kinds of reports, right? This seems to imply that all of these kinds of reports spring forth from the CFR maybe. So they put out the foreign affairs but Foreign Affairs is a public facing propaganda outlet. So that's not actually what we're talking about. It might still be one of the types of reports but it's still coded. So then you have the completely unspecific reference to all sorts of other reports that the CFR puts out to the President or internally or interdepartmental briefs whatever the fuck that means. In between departments of what

Jordan  1:23:56
other the Department of evil in the department of more evil, right, so you can send a memo

Dan  1:24:00
these tell their true plan exactly. You can see how this doesn't answer the caller's question at all. Then you have P neck, the Carnegie Foundation, and the Ford Foundation battle plan RAND Corporation, these things are just named dropped. But hearing these names doesn't help anyone find the sources Alex is talking about. If the Carnegie Foundation has reports going back to the 1930s, how does he expect anyone to know where to look? That's what like, is it just one type of report that they have? I imagine the Carnegie Foundation has so many different types of reports, right? Then you start to learn the names of the people in these groups and you see them writing articles. This is again, outward facing propaganda, but I guess you can use this to check your work against these internal documents to illustrate that they're putting out propaganda to the masses, right and speaking openly in secret, but these documents show that they're working towards a similar goal, right? This is all completely useless as an answer to this caller because Do you have nowhere to go with what you've been told? The caller is obviously looking for more information. And you would think that someone in Alex's position would be eager to give that person specifics about how they could find hard evidence that shows that Alex is right about the nonsense that he spouts. But in reality, the last thing Alex wants is for actually curious members of his audience checking in on any of this shit. Yeah, the game he's playing only works if sourcing is left vague and unexamined. So when he's asked a question like this, he does the equivalent of like, gesturing wildly and acting like a kid who's trying to bluff a book report. Yeah. And that's, that's what you see there.

Jordan  1:25:36
Yeah, it is. It is two things like the first I'm boggled by him being like, listen, you're doing a great job. I think you're a genius. Anyways, I have a quick question, which I think should be a foundational question, is what you said based on anything? To which Alex replies, okay, I see what you want. You want to find this needle in a haystack. What I'm gonna do is I'm going to give you this haystack, and it's gonna give you this haystack. haystack. I'm gonna give you this haystack over here. I'm gonna give you this haystack over here. It's in there. Start digging Dum Dum,

Dan  1:26:07
this haystack has been growing since the 1930s. baling hay,

Jordan  1:26:11
exactly it is it is almost perfectly designed to sound like an answer, while at the same time being there to make you give up on trying to verify No, you're

Dan  1:26:21
overwhelmed. And ultimately, you will never find the thing that Alex is referencing. And the premise of the question is even interesting, too, because it's like, okay, you are reporting on news, right? And I can read the story in the paper. And it doesn't say what you're saying, which is an issue, right? But it's not an issue because you insist that you've read these global reports that help you like, use it like a decoder ring, right? And you can see what's going on in this new story. Now, I would like to see the decoder ring,

Jordan  1:26:53
right? And right, it's that needle in a hat. Let me ask you a question. Are you the tip of the spear? Then you don't get to touch my decoder ring. Right? Well, how about that?

Dan  1:27:03
How about I would like to check the work on your decoding.

Jordan  1:27:06
I didn't ask you to check my fucking work, man. I'm the tip of the goddamn spear. The decoder ring is in my pocket. You can't see it out. I won't ever bring it out. Go you I'm gonna die.

Dan  1:27:15
The decoder ring is literally everywhere and every

Jordan  1:27:18
enjoy the force. The force is everywhere and it binds us. That's what it is. Okay.

Dan  1:27:26
I would say that that's a dog. Answer was a bit of a dog.

Jordan  1:27:31
You're not a Jedi. That's true. Yep.

Dan  1:27:36
Okay. Anyway, we end this 2003 excursion. Yes. And I think there's been some illuminating things. Yeah, I think there's some interesting stuff in there. Still no, no movement on the Saddam front. That's okay. There's still a little while until he's discovered he'll be

Jordan  1:27:54
found. confident he will be found. I was so

Dan  1:27:57
fascinated by that Texas family kidnapping sounds crazy it it's just it's just weird to me that like you know, Newsmax would. Even with the question mark put out this story without doing a little legwork and finding these claims. I mean, that's insane that he's made. Yeah, and not have a follow up question of why do you keep getting kidnapped by the Mexican government? It seems

Jordan  1:28:22
like you've been kidnapped a lot more than normal people have been kidnapped. They

Dan  1:28:25
seem to keep letting you go without incident. They'll say normal

Jordan  1:28:29
people have been kidnapped anywhere from zero to one times.

Dan  1:28:33
I do appreciate the negligence that went into that story, making it all the way to Alex repeating it and declaring war on Mexico.

Jordan  1:28:41
Yeah, unintended consequences. Yeah. I just like I just like that. That's the type of thing where you hear that story. And I mean, you and I both knew immediately, just like, This is not a one off. This motherfuckers don't some other shit.

Dan  1:28:57
Too ambitious.

Jordan  1:28:59
This is not a man who's only swinging his one time and that is done. Yeah, no, no, no. This is a man with a guy with.

Dan  1:29:09
So Jordan, we'll be back for another episode. Oh, neat. We well, maybe we'll get back into the present. We'll see. Maybe we'll stay in the past. I don't know.

Jordan  1:29:16
I it's up in the air.

Dan  1:29:17
Yeah. Who knows? Could be could be anything. Maybe we'll do an episode about caves. That sounds

Jordan  1:29:23
interesting. I will defer to Appalachia, my friend and then we'll see what happens.

Dan  1:29:28
Whatever the case will be back. But until then we have a website. We do have a website.

Jordan  1:29:31
It's now trade.com. We're also on Twitter. We are on Twitter. It's at knowledge underscore fight. Yep.

Dan  1:29:37
We'll be back. But until then, I'm Neil. I'm Leo. I'm dz X Clark. I'm the juiciest Ice Cube. What it's back. It's back. I was reminded by reading the WikiLeaks that I'm the juiciest. Yeah. All right. And now here

Alex Jones  1:29:52
comes the Sex Robot. Andy in Kansas, you're on the air. Thanks for holding. Well, Alex, I'm a first time caller. I'm a huge fan. I love your work
